
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1326407778                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449221487418                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 411867                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   521954                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40237                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67747716                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32964.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13577044684                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206042776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        54272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        79744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        80896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        79616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        53760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        55168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        53632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        52864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        80128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               791936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           51072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       314880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            314880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  6187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1447519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22002284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     40916527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     60120275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     60988786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     60023773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2412531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     40530522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1351017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     22098785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     41592036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     40434021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39855014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     60409778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               597053194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1447519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2412531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1351017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38503996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         237393059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              237393059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         237393059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1447519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22002284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     40916527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     60120275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     60988786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     60023773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2412531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     40530522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1351017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     22098785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     41592036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     40434021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39855014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     60409778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              834446253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196461                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1258770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        89367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2435177     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41221      1.52%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21642      0.80%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40569      1.49%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13345      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37468      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6009      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10527      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107833      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.395736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2269241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       123203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277879                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1414370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2273268                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         87144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        24130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          274108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1411449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         9717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1857023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6405719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         378931                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           25751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573581                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144157     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183490      6.76%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185261      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108501      4.00%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58674      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15422      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17515      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          361      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2362     57.72%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          962     23.51%     81.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024275     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10505      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225317     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41977      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.409380                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5323669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         72076                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194417                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.403518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267430                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1693982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.398282                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2248011     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167358      6.27%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106403      3.98%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33304      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55105      2.06%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11222      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6474      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35511      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            4037591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2848075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 52439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                467044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.180832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.180832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.314383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.314383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5954761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1490041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         230339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       188748                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24396                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94543                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88064                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2203874                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1316062                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            230339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       111192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              287899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         70047                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       215410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          137414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2752411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2464512     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          30814      1.12%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          35812      1.30%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          19408      0.71%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          22056      0.80%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          12894      0.47%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           8549      0.31%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          22385      0.81%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         135981      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2752411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.072415                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.413747                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2184813                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       235127                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          285325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2288                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        37337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1604013                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2144                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2188810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         44222                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       180474                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          283663                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        10385                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1601657                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2227984                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7454034                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7454034                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1869400                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         358564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          237                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           30113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       153170                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        82781                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2048                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        17084                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1597425                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          421                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1499840                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2132                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       218223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       508849                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2752411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2120912     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       253665      9.22%     86.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136746      4.97%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94653      3.44%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82227      2.99%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42083      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10498      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6603      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5024      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2752411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           428     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1505     43.92%     56.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1494     43.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1255926     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23477      1.57%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138307      9.22%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81948      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1499840                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.471524                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002285                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5757648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1816106                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1473235                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3740                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29380                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2535                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         38741                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1511                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1597849                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           92                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153170                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82781                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        27643                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1476378                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129853                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             211757                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         205824                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            81904                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.464148                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1473324                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1473235                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          876647                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2294418                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.463160                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382078                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1097857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1346619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251245                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        24392                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2707562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.497355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2156953     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255606      9.44%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107349      3.96%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63951      2.36%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44063      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28818      1.06%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15342      0.57%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11772      0.43%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23708      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2707562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1097857                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1346619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               204031                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              123786                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           192525                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1214187                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        27382                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        23708                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4281718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3240599                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 35988                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                428424                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1097857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1346619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1097857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.897313                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.897313                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.345147                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.345147                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6658387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2047624                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1497051                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         246244                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201395                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25730                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       100272                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          94532                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25005                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1183                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2363136                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1379277                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            246244                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       119537                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              286467                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         71332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       109868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          146148                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25595                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2804774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2518307     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          13321      0.47%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20688      0.74%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          27982      1.00%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          29365      1.05%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          24961      0.89%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          13380      0.48%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          21091      0.75%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         135679      4.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2804774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077415                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.433621                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2338666                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       134860                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          285763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          410                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        45069                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        40428                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1690590                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        45069                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2345507                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         20795                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        98844                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          279358                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        15196                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1688899                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         6583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2357857                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7852662                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7852662                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      2010980                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         346861                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          208                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           47069                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       158894                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        84761                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          935                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        22695                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1685419                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          410                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1589721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205710                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       499687                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2804774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2130680     75.97%     75.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278746      9.94%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       140641      5.01%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104901      3.74%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82156      2.93%     97.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33665      1.20%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21363      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11113      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1509      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2804774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           336     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1013     36.13%     48.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1455     51.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1337377     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23691      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          197      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       144109      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        84347      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1589721                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.499781                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2804                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001764                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5987360                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1891553                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1563894                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1592525                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28240                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1620                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        45069                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         17100                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1581                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1685836                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       158894                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84761                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14051                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14975                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        29026                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1566272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       135407                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             219736                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         221933                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            84329                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.492409                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1563973                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1563894                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          898598                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2420474                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.491661                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1172124                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1442236                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       243614                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        25830                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2759705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2165657     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       295598     10.71%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110554      4.01%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52642      1.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45963      1.67%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25735      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21653      0.78%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10065      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31838      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2759705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1172124                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1442236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               213795                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              130654                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           207927                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1299463                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        29695                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        31838                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4413704                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3416787                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 37640                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                376061                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1172124                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1442236                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1172124                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.713736                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.713736                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.368496                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.368496                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        7048122                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2180563                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1566557                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         212178                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191017                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74234                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          606                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2246001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1332288                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            212178                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        85797                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              262776                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         41689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       340236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          130683                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2877256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.844229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2614480     90.87%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           9217      0.32%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18946      0.66%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           8011      0.28%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          43019      1.50%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          38796      1.35%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7470      0.26%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          15691      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         121626      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2877256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.066705                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.418849                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2223357                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       363351                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          261606                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          914                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        28019                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        18793                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1561461                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        28019                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2226822                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        316164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        36569                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          259310                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        10363                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1559310                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         4962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         3623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          130                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1837373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7339410                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7339410                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1590440                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         246933                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          195                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           26254                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       365639                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       183693                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1816                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1553915                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1482226                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1217                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142509                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       346265                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2877256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.515153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2343186     81.44%     81.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164371      5.71%     87.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132097      4.59%     91.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56707      1.97%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70640      2.46%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67242      2.34%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38105      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3124      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1784      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2877256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3668     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28321     86.32%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          822      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       932362     62.90%     62.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12859      0.87%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354090     23.89%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182828     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1482226                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.465986                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32811                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022136                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5875736                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1696687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1467567                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1515037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2644                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18300                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2101                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        28019                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        308353                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2776                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1554122                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365639                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183693                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1711                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6954                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8014                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        14968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1470476                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352746                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             535531                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         192424                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           182785                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.462292                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1467675                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1467567                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          793900                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1569378                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.461378                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505869                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1181692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1388513                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       165715                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        13174                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2849237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2342540     82.22%     82.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       187007      6.56%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87339      3.07%     91.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85193      2.99%     94.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23195      0.81%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97643      3.43%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7447      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5412      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13461      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2849237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1181692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1388513                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               528931                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              347339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           183353                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1234646                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        13415                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        13461                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4389991                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3136485                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 49938                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                303579                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1181692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1388513                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1181692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.691763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.691763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.371504                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.371504                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7263817                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1708267                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1851657                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         174402                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       142174                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18606                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71208                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66199                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17281                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          813                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1691004                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1031672                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            174402                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        83480                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              211465                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         58512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       221181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles          286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          105648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18545                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2163161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1951696     90.22%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11290      0.52%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17624      0.81%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          26311      1.22%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          11219      0.52%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          13239      0.61%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          13660      0.63%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9582      0.44%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         108540      5.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2163161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.054829                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.324340                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1667876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       245283                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          209762                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        38865                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        28248                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1249796                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        38865                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1672477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         91881                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       138552                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          206635                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        14748                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1246554                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          733                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         7072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1643                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1704199                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5810606                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5810606                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1400071                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         304123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          306                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          176                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           40399                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       126838                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        70118                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3697                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        14033                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1242118                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          308                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1156632                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2035                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       192545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453589                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2163161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.534695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.219848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1667480     77.09%     77.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       202055      9.34%     86.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111924      5.17%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73256      3.39%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65653      3.04%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19992      0.92%     98.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14504      0.67%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5011      0.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3286      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2163161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           288     10.31%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1211     43.34%     53.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1295     46.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       951915     82.30%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21213      1.83%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          128      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       114893      9.93%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68483      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1156632                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.363625                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2794                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002416                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4481254                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1435048                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1135075                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1159426                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5433                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27435                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5051                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          923                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        38865                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         77613                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1870                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1242430                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       126838                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70118                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          177                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1121                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11545                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        21486                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1139554                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       108860                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17078                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             177229                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         154833                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            68369                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.358256                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1135210                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1135075                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          671941                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1703288                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.356848                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.394496                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       839509                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1023611                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       219593                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        18893                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2124296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1708747     80.44%     80.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198153      9.33%     89.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82368      3.88%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        41983      1.98%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31228      1.47%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17870      0.84%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10975      0.52%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9115      0.43%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23857      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2124296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       839509                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1023611                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               164470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads               99403                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           142315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          925235                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        19949                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        23857                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3343630                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2525286                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 30611                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1017674                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            839509                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1023611                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       839509                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.788923                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.788923                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.263927                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.263927                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5172119                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1550171                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1185090                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         174419                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       142160                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18581                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71047                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66269                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17240                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          816                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1689704                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1031635                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            174419                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        83509                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              211347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         58277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       220775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1308                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          105552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18515                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2162159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1950812     90.23%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          11166      0.52%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          17597      0.81%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          26349      1.22%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          11241      0.52%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          13171      0.61%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          13680      0.63%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9763      0.45%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         108380      5.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2162159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.054834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.324328                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1668007                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       244526                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          209591                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1378                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        38654                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        28289                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          350                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1249274                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1348                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        38654                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1672584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         88146                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       142079                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          206493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        14200                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1246015                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         3041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         7078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          909                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1704222                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5807871                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5807871                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1401170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         303021                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          322                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           40775                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       126482                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        69963                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3630                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        13946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1241772                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1157004                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191808                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       450258                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2162159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.535115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.221590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1667010     77.10%     77.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       201895      9.34%     86.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111348      5.15%     91.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72912      3.37%     94.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65888      3.05%     98.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20102      0.93%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14713      0.68%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4991      0.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3300      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2162159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           311     11.02%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1215     43.05%     54.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1296     45.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       952394     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21234      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          128      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       114823      9.92%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68425      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1157004                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.363742                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2822                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002439                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4480949                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1433974                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1135619                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1159826                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5374                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27003                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           73                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4857                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          887                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        38654                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         69474                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1853                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1242100                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       126482                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69963                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           73                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10006                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11470                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        21476                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1139980                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       108648                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17023                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             176978                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         154982                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            68330                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.358390                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1135752                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1135619                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          671630                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1703734                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.357019                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.394211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       840125                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1024371                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       218371                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        18871                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2123505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.482396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.326555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1708152     80.44%     80.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198016      9.32%     89.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82317      3.88%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        41757      1.97%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31221      1.47%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17855      0.84%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11042      0.52%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9121      0.43%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24024      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2123505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       840125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1024371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               164585                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads               99479                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           142429                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          925910                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        19961                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        24024                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3342210                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2524163                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 30592                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1018676                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            840125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1024371                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       840125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.786145                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.786145                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.264121                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.264121                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5173312                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1551210                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1184898                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         175597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       143087                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71523                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66625                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17409                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          824                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1700154                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1038018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            175597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        84034                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              212736                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         58871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       224442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          106282                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18654                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2176926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1964190     90.23%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          11155      0.51%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          17764      0.82%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          26575      1.22%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          11296      0.52%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          13384      0.61%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          13565      0.62%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9702      0.45%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         109295      5.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2176926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.055205                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.326335                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1677226                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       248262                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          210981                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        28488                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1257795                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1352                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1681799                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         92851                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       141193                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          207888                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        14119                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1254452                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         7258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          961                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1714866                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5846792                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5846792                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1408390                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         306466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           40661                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       127821                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        70385                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3650                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        14386                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1250115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1164194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2008                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194439                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457044                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2176926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.534788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.222393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1679483     77.15%     77.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       202590      9.31%     86.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111537      5.12%     91.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73164      3.36%     94.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66651      3.06%     98.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20297      0.93%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14796      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5091      0.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3317      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2176926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     10.74%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1243     43.49%     54.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1308     45.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       958218     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21320      1.83%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       115735      9.94%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68792      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1164194                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.366003                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2858                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002455                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4510180                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1444949                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1142378                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1167052                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5547                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27872                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4980                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          912                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         73926                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1842                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1250442                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       127821                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10067                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11669                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        21736                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1146937                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109554                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17257                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             178229                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         155803                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            68675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.360577                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1142521                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1142378                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          675435                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1713926                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.359144                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394086                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       844303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1029572                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221599                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        19038                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2137853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1720373     80.47%     80.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199202      9.32%     89.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82427      3.86%     93.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42062      1.97%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31418      1.47%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17974      0.84%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11130      0.52%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9128      0.43%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24139      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2137853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       844303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1029572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               165351                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               99946                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           143201                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          930596                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        20079                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24139                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3364872                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2541434                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 30950                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1003909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            844303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1029572                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       844303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.767409                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.767409                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.265434                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.265434                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5204952                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1560158                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1192234                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         212879                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191620                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13263                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       103924                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74363                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11695                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          619                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2254509                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1336913                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            212879                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        86058                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              263689                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         42130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       314044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          131247                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13136                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2860789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2597100     90.78%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           9166      0.32%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19169      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           8101      0.28%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          42897      1.50%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          38905      1.36%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7537      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          15819      0.55%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         122095      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2860789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.066926                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.420303                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2233114                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       335888                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          262583                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          872                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        28323                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        18902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1567240                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        28323                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2236532                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        295736                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        30124                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          260320                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9745                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1565162                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         4298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          165                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1845844                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7366344                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7366344                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1595491                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         250353                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          191                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           25220                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       366158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       184029                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1701                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8927                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1560139                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1487658                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       144273                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       350539                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2860789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.520017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2325343     81.28%     81.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164263      5.74%     87.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132525      4.63%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56890      1.99%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71092      2.49%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67523      2.36%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38217      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3098      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1838      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2860789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3633     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28395     86.42%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          830      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       937061     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12921      0.87%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354481     23.83%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       183107     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1487658                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.467694                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32858                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022087                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5870287                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1704669                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1472687                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1520516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2532                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18478                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2214                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          133                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        28323                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        288811                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2692                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1560338                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       366158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       184029                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          103                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1679                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7019                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8099                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        15118                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1475612                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       353054                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             536112                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         193097                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           183058                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.463907                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1472788                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1472687                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          796768                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1576280                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.462988                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.505474                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1184643                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1392178                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       168259                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        13311                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2832466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2324342     82.06%     82.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       187607      6.62%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87367      3.08%     91.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85557      3.02%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23377      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97879      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7491      0.26%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5451      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13395      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2832466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1184643                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1392178                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               529495                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              347680                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           183902                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1237931                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        13491                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        13395                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4379495                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3149209                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 50095                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                320046                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1184643                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1392178                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1184643                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.685058                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.685058                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.372431                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.372431                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7286433                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1715363                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1856757                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         244830                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200295                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25620                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99668                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93982                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24859                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1177                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2349477                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1371431                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            244830                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       118841                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              284888                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         71131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       119211                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          145346                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2798793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2513905     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          13244      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20610      0.74%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          27807      0.99%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          29266      1.05%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          24744      0.88%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          13245      0.47%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          20935      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         135037      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2798793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.076970                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.431154                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2325129                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       144081                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          284183                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          411                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        44983                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        40144                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1681316                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        44983                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2331934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         21043                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       107921                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          277815                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        15092                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1679632                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2344541                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7809842                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7809842                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1998449                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         346088                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           46857                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       158176                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        84283                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          923                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        22460                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1676145                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          407                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1580299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205675                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       500293                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2798793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2128820     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277000      9.90%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139684      4.99%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104318      3.73%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81780      2.92%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33392      1.19%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21230      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11035      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1534      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2798793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           331     11.92%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          999     35.99%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1446     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1329479     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23523      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143263      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83838      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1580299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.496819                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2776                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5962591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1882240                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1554490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1583075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3113                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28310                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        44983                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         17384                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1676559                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       158176                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84283                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1348                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14023                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14899                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        28922                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1556850                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134569                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             218389                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         220535                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            83820                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.489447                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1554566                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1554490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          893289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2406937                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.488705                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1164810                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1433305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       243269                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        25716                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2753810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2163519     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293709     10.67%     89.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109851      3.99%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52353      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45557      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25580      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21596      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10029      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31616      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2753810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1164810                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1433305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               212511                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              129866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           206643                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1291413                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        29513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        31616                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4398755                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3398141                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 37448                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                382042                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1164810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1433305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1164810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.730776                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.730776                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.366196                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.366196                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7005784                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2167396                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1557555                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         230660                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       189199                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24330                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94488                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88081                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23068                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2197097                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1315523                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            230660                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       111149                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              287657                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         70566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       217689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          137078                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24149                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2748128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.925067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2460471     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          30662      1.12%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          35838      1.30%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          19345      0.70%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          22051      0.80%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          12892      0.47%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           8700      0.32%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          22249      0.81%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         135920      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2748128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.072516                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.413578                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2177946                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       237522                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          285006                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2339                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        45306                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        37242                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1603022                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2119                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        45306                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2181977                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         53467                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       173399                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          283212                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        10759                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1600653                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2224703                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7446672                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7446672                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1860745                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         363958                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           31147                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       153708                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        82339                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        17048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1595472                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          405                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1494731                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2330                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222568                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       524919                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2748128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2119186     77.11%     77.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       252550      9.19%     86.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136066      4.95%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94085      3.42%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82041      2.99%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42130      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10488      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6604      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4978      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2748128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           424     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1501     44.08%     56.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1480     43.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1251514     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23344      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138171      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81520      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1494731                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.469918                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3405                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002278                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5743325                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1818480                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1467861                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1498136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3616                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30485                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           91                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          167                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        45306                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         47551                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1595881                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153708                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82339                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13397                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14169                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        27566                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1471344                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129602                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             211087                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         205064                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            81485                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.462565                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1467954                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1467861                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          872982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2285766                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.461470                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381921                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1092733                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1340402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255539                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          364                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        24313                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2702822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2154850     79.73%     79.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254366      9.41%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106883      3.95%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63539      2.35%     95.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43927      1.63%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28610      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15226      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11829      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23592      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2702822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1092733                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1340402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               203094                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              123223                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               182                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           191679                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1208543                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        27255                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        23592                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4275171                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3237193                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 35883                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                432707                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1092733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1340402                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1092733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.910899                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.910899                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.343537                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.343537                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6634236                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       2039431                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1495612                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         214049                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192599                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13069                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84241                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74505                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11648                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          604                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2254103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1340855                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            214049                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        86153                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              264510                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         41823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       331596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          131063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12920                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2878638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2614128     90.81%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           9232      0.32%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          19430      0.67%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           7981      0.28%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          43078      1.50%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          38930      1.35%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7450      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          15742      0.55%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         122667      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2878638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067293                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.421542                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2233062                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       353129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          263280                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          953                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        28205                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        19066                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1571651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        28205                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2236552                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        318310                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        24549                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          261011                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        10002                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1569408                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         4404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          211                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1851018                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7385196                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7385196                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1601047                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         249881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          192                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           26112                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       366666                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       184164                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1765                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1563931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          195                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1490620                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1328                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       144532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       353953                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2878638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2341817     81.35%     81.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164563      5.72%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132870      4.62%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57813      2.01%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71060      2.47%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67247      2.34%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38306      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3129      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1833      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2878638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3718     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28304     86.14%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          838      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       939248     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13015      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354988     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       183281     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1490620                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.468625                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32860                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022045                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5894066                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1708727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1475596                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1523480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2730                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2119                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          133                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        28205                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        311469                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1564134                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       366666                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       184164                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1692                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6813                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8193                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        15006                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1478679                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       353652                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11941                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             536877                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         193701                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           183225                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.464871                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1475712                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1475596                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          798874                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1581265                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.463902                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.505212                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1188018                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1396277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       167959                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        13117                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2850433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2340687     82.12%     82.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       188339      6.61%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87826      3.08%     91.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85820      3.01%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23376      0.82%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97766      3.43%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7516      0.26%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5428      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13675      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2850433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1188018                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1396277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               530132                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              348087                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           184510                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1241616                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        13578                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        13675                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4400981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3156758                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 49871                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                302197                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1188018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1396277                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1188018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.677430                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.677430                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.373492                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.373492                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        7300333                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1719320                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1861244                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         275514                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229499                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26780                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108101                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98436                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29227                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1250                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2392665                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1513270                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            275514                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       127663                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              314355                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         75443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       202634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          150142                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25489                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2959767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2645412     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          19011      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          23967      0.81%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          38461      1.30%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          15739      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          20736      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          23968      0.81%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          11263      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         161210      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2959767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086617                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.475746                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2380031                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       218618                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          312733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        48202                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        41666                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1848743                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        48202                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2383030                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          7813                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       203638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          309862                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         7217                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1836235                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4922                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2565358                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      8535379                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      8535379                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      2112055                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         453303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           26318                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       173553                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        88861                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1010                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        20138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1790184                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1705403                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2166                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238517                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503469                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2959767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2238075     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       328411     11.10%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134521      4.54%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76045      2.57%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101603      3.43%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32230      1.09%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31225      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16353      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1304      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2959767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11811     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1644     10.97%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1527     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1437077     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23073      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          209      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       156644      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88400      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1705403                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536149                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14982                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6387721                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2029161                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1659181                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1720385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1340                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36374                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1763                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        48202                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          5951                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          726                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1790625                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       173553                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88861                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          620                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15184                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15373                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        30557                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1674644                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153779                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30759                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             242142                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         236186                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            88363                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.526479                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1659219                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1659181                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          994055                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2671626                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521618                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372079                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1228497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1513529                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       277117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        26799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2911565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2270361     77.98%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       325413     11.18%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       117942      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58504      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53644      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22645      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22434      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10661      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29961      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2911565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1228497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1513529                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               224277                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              137179                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           219324                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1362666                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        31216                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        29961                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4672237                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3629500                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 38227                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                221068                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1228497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1513529                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1228497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.589209                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.589209                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.386218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.386218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7532468                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2320777                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1707863                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         276631                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       230502                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26911                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108949                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98955                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29422                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1263                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2404230                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1519286                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            276631                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       128377                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              315678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         75684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       189897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          150791                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25597                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2964016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.998456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2648338     89.35%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          19064      0.64%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          24178      0.82%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          38580      1.30%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          15863      0.54%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          20779      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          24051      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          11227      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         161936      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2964016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086968                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.477637                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2395648                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       205839                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          314045                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        48311                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        41745                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1856179                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        48311                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2398626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          7709                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       190978                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          311191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         7196                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1843605                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2575856                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      8570691                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      8570691                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      2122946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         452847                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          228                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           26306                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       174428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        89147                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        20100                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1797835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1713094                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238568                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       504139                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2964016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2239007     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       329777     11.13%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135144      4.56%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76594      2.58%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       102150      3.45%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32489      1.10%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31101      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16436      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1318      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2964016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11854     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1657     11.01%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1535     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1443568     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23203      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157442      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88671      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1713094                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.538567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             15046                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6407404                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2036864                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1666848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1728140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        48311                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          5848                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1798277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       174428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89147                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          229                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15307                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15412                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        30719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1682445                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154608                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             243242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         237295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            88634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528932                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1666886                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1666848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          998943                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2685150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.524028                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372025                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1234847                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1521455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276770                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        26931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2915705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2271187     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326928     11.21%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118664      4.07%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58851      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53993      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22753      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22527      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10669      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30133      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2915705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1234847                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1521455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               225483                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              137925                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           220518                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1369803                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        31397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        30133                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4683784                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3644839                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 38385                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                216819                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1234847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1521455                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1234847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.575894                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.575894                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.388215                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.388215                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        7567802                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       2331694                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1714671                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         211999                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190841                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13095                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101216                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11534                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          606                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2243260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1331485                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            211999                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        85583                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              262534                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         41747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       323464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          130519                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12966                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2857582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2595048     90.81%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           9161      0.32%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18957      0.66%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           7976      0.28%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          42932      1.50%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          38801      1.36%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7432      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          15663      0.55%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         121612      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2857582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.066649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.418596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2224898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       342300                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          261353                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          922                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        28100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        18791                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1560433                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        28100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2228143                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        297387                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        35523                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          259231                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9189                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1558229                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         3869                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          215                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1835728                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7334110                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7334110                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1588019                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         247703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          197                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           24345                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       365655                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       183652                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1834                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1552801                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          201                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1480989                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       346938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2857582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2325469     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       162811      5.70%     87.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131498      4.60%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56532      1.98%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70649      2.47%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67431      2.36%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38304      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3093      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1795      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2857582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3662     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28461     86.41%     97.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          816      2.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       931256     62.88%     62.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12853      0.87%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354013     23.90%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182780     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1480989                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.465598                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32939                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022241                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5853757                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1695919                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1466276                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1513928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2667                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18473                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2157                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        28100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        291053                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2388                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1553010                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365655                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183652                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1537                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6875                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8057                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        14932                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1469173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             535377                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         192237                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           182734                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.461883                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1466384                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1466276                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          793203                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1565869                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.460972                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506558                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1180289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1386761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       166367                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        13150                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2829482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2323992     82.13%     82.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186146      6.58%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87017      3.08%     91.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85163      3.01%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22999      0.81%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97968      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7472      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5376      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13349      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2829482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1180289                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1386761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               528673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              347178                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           183102                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1233049                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        13370                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        13349                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4369248                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3134372                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 50042                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                323253                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1180289                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1386761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1180289                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.694963                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.694963                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.371063                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.371063                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7257785                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1706308                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1850749                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         210993                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       189984                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13072                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102936                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73768                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11424                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          593                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2234932                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1326012                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            210993                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        85192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              261464                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         41625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       327804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          130055                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12933                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2852430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2590966     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           9158      0.32%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18698      0.66%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           7931      0.28%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          42911      1.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          38711      1.36%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7423      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          15508      0.54%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         121124      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2852430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.066333                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.416875                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2209002                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       354214                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          260282                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        28006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        18651                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1554085                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        28006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2212710                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        307394                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        35432                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          257830                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        11049                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1551864                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         5395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         3894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          127                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1826475                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7305008                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7305008                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1579774                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         246678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          192                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          104                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           27886                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       365206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       183273                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1817                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8849                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1546539                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          195                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1474974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1221                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142226                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       346530                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2852430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2320830     81.36%     81.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       163632      5.74%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131483      4.61%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56391      1.98%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70599      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66810      2.34%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37813      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3097      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1775      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2852430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3610     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28152     86.40%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          822      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       926139     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12744      0.86%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       353595     23.97%     87.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182410     12.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1474974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.463707                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32584                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022091                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5836180                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1689024                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1460264                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1507558                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2580                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18533                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2095                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        28006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        298723                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2893                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1546742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183273                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1654                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6925                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7994                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        14919                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1463210                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352164                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11761                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             534529                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         191368                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           182365                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.460008                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1460378                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1460264                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          789526                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1559127                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.459082                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506390                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1175463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1380954                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       165854                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        13123                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2824424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.304479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2320588     82.16%     82.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       185990      6.59%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86715      3.07%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        84705      3.00%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23090      0.82%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97153      3.44%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7399      0.26%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5372      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13412      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2824424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1175463                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1380954                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               527842                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              346665                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                88                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           182274                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1227857                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        13273                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        13412                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4357807                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3121655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 49631                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                328405                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1175463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1380954                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1175463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.706027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.706027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.369545                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.369545                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        7231027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1697760                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1844501                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3180831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         175461                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       142960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18683                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71548                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66630                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17413                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          810                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1700399                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1037761                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            175461                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        84043                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              212847                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         58755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       209094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles          425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          106230                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18581                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2162170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.929916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1949323     90.16%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          11194      0.52%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17911      0.83%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          26600      1.23%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          11219      0.52%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          13342      0.62%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          13719      0.63%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9786      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         109076      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2162170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.055162                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.326255                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1677244                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       233422                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          211073                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1396                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        39032                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        28480                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          352                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1257487                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        39032                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1681920                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         89755                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       129136                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          207896                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        14428                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1254117                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          697                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         3013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         7211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          992                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1714617                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5846048                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5846048                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1409052                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         305565                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          323                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           41561                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       127805                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        70568                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3740                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        14226                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1249852                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          325                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1164403                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2024                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194435                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454846                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2162170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.538534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1663678     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       203584      9.42%     86.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111938      5.18%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73212      3.39%     94.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66310      3.07%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20252      0.94%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14839      0.69%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5083      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3274      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2162170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           308     10.85%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1233     43.42%     54.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1299     45.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       958013     82.28%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21369      1.84%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       115948      9.96%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68944      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1164403                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.366069                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2840                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002439                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4495840                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1444687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1142652                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1167243                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5546                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27807                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5128                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          930                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        39032                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         69076                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1937                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1250181                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           52                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       127805                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70568                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1096                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10029                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11537                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        21566                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1147243                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109808                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             178628                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         155831                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            68820                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.360674                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1142793                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1142652                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          676275                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1714919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.359231                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394348                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       844714                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1030075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220837                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        18965                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2123138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.485166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1705163     80.31%     80.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199480      9.40%     89.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82728      3.90%     93.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42026      1.98%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31422      1.48%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18006      0.85%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10994      0.52%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9173      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24146      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2123138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       844714                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1030075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               165438                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads               99998                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           143278                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          931039                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        20085                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24146                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3349891                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2540873                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 30800                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1018661                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            844714                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1030075                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       844714                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.765572                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.765572                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.265564                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.265564                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5206879                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1560167                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1192325                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.367045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.470006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   119.077950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1883.494757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.058144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.919675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56168535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195332036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     251500571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56168535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195332036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      251500571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56168535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195332036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     251500571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160328.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860493.550661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 994073.403162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160328.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860493.550661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 994073.403162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160328.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860493.550661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 994073.403162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53885735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175397829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53885735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175397829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53885735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175397829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2072528.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772677.660793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906259.146245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2072528.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772677.660793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906259.146245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2072528.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772677.660793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906259.146245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.319633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         152561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        66.591445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.011836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.178561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   122.346637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1835.782600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.059740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.896378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   385                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14967612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187493137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     202460749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1382239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1382239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14967612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    188875376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      203842988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14967612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    188875376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     203842988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.385965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.386943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.386943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 997840.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 825960.955947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 836614.665289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1382239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1382239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 997840.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828400.771930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 838860.032922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 997840.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828400.771930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 838860.032922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13649914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    167560761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181210675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1294439                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1294439                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13649914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168855200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    182505114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13649914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168855200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    182505114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 909994.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 738153.132159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748804.442149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1294439                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1294439                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 909994.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 740592.982456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751049.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 909994.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 740592.982456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751049.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.531285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         133568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        60.165766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.386813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    16.146139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    77.910146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1926.088187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.007884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.038042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.940473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            120                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 120                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          365                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   366                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45335427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118602741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163938168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45335427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118602741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      163938168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45335427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118602741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     163938168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          120                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             120                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.325279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.289883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.323475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.289883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.323475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1743670.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 795991.550336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936789.531429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1743670.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 795991.550336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 936789.531429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1743670.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 795991.550336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 936789.531429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43052627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105520541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148573168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43052627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105520541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    148573168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43052627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105520541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    148573168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.289883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.289883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1655870.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 708191.550336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848989.531429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1655870.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 708191.550336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848989.531429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1655870.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 708191.550336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848989.531429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          451                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.578197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         127562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        51.045218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.530694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.508958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   211.676294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1804.862251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.012456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.103358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.881280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          480                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   481                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 451                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68577736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    424472954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     493050690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3053621                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3053621                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68577736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    427526575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      496104311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68577736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    427526575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     496104311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.484392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.483906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.483906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2539916.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1003482.160757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1095668.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3053621                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      3053621                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2539916.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1008317.393868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1100009.558758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2539916.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1008317.393868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1100009.558758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 94                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      94                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66206385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    387327701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453534086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2965821                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2965821                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66206385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    390293522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    456499907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66206385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    390293522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456499907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2452088.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 915668.323877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1007853.524444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2965821                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2965821                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2452088.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 920503.589623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012194.915743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2452088.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 920503.589623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012194.915743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          653                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2043.170131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                          96466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        35.807721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks         127.777569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.941580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   263.322365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1627.128617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.062391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.012179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.128575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.794496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.997642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          393                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   394                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                66                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          623                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 650                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71358232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    585660599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     657018831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     65759061                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     65759061                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71358232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    651419660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      722777892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71358232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    651419660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     722777892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               1044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              1044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.587553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.598361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.613189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.622605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.613189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.622605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2642897.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1051455.294434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1125032.244863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 996349.409091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 996349.409091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2642897.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1045617.431782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1111965.987692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2642897.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1045617.431782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1111965.987692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                350                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     350                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68987632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    536746459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    605734091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59962246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59962246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68987632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    596708705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    665696337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68987632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    596708705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    665696337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.587553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.613189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.613189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2555097.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 963638.166966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1037215.909247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 908518.878788                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 908518.878788                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2555097.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 957798.884430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1024148.210769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2555097.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 957798.884430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1024148.210769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          663                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2043.260126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          96461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        35.673447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks         128.000173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.979728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   264.649417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1625.630807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.012197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.129223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.793765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.997686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   394                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                71                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          632                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 659                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74759739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    598385228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     673144967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     71077320                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     71077320                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74759739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    669462548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      744222287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74759739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    669462548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     744222287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               1053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              1053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.589286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.972603                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.972603                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.616585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.625831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.616585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.625831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2768879.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1066640.335116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1144804.365646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1001089.014085                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1001089.014085                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2768879.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1059276.183544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1129320.617602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2768879.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1059276.183544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1129320.617602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                360                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     360                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72389139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    549129428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    621518567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     64843520                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64843520                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72389139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    613972948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    686362087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72389139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    613972948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    686362087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.589286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.972603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.616585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.616585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2681079.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 978840.335116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1057004.365646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 913289.014085                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913289.014085                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2681079.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 971476.183544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1041520.617602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2681079.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 971476.183544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1041520.617602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          652                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2043.330914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          96470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        35.822503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         128.003498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.040518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   263.177898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1628.109001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.062502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.128505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.794975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.997720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 648                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63783085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    574258491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     638041576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     64217135                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     64217135                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63783085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    638475626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      702258711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63783085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    638475626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     702258711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               1047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              1047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.583596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.609804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.618911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.609804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.618911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2453195.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1034699.983784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1098178.271945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 958464.701493                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958464.701493                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2453195.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1026488.144695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1083732.578704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2453195.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1026488.144695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1083732.578704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                350                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     350                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61498679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    525517654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    587016333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     58333536                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58333536                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61498679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    583851190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    645349869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61498679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    583851190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    645349869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.583596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.609804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.609804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2365333.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946878.655856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010355.134251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 870649.791045                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870649.791045                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2365333.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 938667.508039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995910.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2365333.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 938667.508039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995910.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          445                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.511583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         127559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        51.166867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.464985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.788753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   211.001332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1807.256514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.011616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.103028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.882449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          420                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 445                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65179254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    408199069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     473378323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2114159                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2114159                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65179254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    410313228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      475492482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65179254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    410313228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     475492482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.468680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.482609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.467706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.481602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.467706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.481602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2607170.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 974222.121718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1066167.394144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2114159                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2114159                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2607170.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 976936.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1068522.431461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2607170.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 976936.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1068522.431461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62984254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    371402719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    434386973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2026359                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2026359                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62984254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    373429078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    436413332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62984254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    373429078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    436413332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.468680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.467706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.481602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.467706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.481602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2519370.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 886402.670644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978349.038288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2026359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2026359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2519370.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 889116.852381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 980704.116854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2519370.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 889116.852381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 980704.116854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.541429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.401967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.087421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    77.554530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1926.497510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.007855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.037868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.940673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     39908278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124578069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     164486347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     39908278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124578069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      164486347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     39908278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124578069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     164486347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1534933.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836094.422819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939921.982857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1534933.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836094.422819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939921.982857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1534933.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836094.422819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939921.982857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37625478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    111493289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149118767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37625478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    111493289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149118767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37625478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    111493289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149118767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1447133.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748277.107383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852107.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1447133.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748277.107383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852107.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1447133.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748277.107383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852107.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.316813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         152555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        66.588826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.030481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.815033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   121.895147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1836.576152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.059519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.896766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18167328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    196183408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     214350736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1381563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1381563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18167328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    197564971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      215732299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18167328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    197564971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     215732299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.388443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.389423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.389423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1297666.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 860453.543860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885746.842975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1381563                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1381563                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1297666.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862729.131004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 887787.238683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1297666.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862729.131004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 887787.238683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     16932128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    176060690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192992818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1293013                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1293013                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     16932128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    177353703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    194285831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     16932128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    177353703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    194285831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1209437.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 772196.008772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797490.983471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1293013                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1293013                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1209437.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 774470.318777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799530.168724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1209437.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 774470.318777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799530.168724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          457                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.603448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         127568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        50.925349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.555198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.691397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   214.998892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1802.357962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.012056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.104980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.880058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            157                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 157                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          484                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   485                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 459                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65506588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    412886362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     478392950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2413721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65506588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    415300083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      480806671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65506588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    415300083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     480806671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          157                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             157                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.472648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.486716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.472192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.486229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.472192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.486229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2519484.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 955755.467593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1044526.091703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2413721                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413721                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2519484.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 959122.593533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1047509.087146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2519484.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 959122.593533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1047509.087146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 95                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      95                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63223788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    375132362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438356150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2325921                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325921                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63223788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    377458283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    440682071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63223788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    377458283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    440682071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.472648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.472192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.472192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2431684.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868361.949074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957109.497817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2325921                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325921                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2431684.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 871728.136259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960091.657952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2431684.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 871728.136259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960091.657952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.258272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.418465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.012126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    53.251284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1934.576397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.009283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.026002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.944617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111529447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    100386251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     211915698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111529447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    100386251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      211915698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111529447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    100386251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     211915698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4130720.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1024349.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1695325.584000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4130720.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1024349.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1695325.584000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4130720.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1024349.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1695325.584000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    109158088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     91778193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200936281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    109158088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     91778193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200936281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    109158088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     91778193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200936281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4042892.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 936512.173469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1607490.248000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4042892.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 936512.173469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1607490.248000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4042892.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 936512.173469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1607490.248000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.256959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.416200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.060935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    53.499650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1934.280175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.026123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.944473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 126                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105921088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91605017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     197526105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105921088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91605017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      197526105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105921088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91605017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     197526105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.211991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.254032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.210638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.252505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.210638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.252505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3923003.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 925303.202020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1567667.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3923003.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 925303.202020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1567667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3923003.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 925303.202020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1567667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103550488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83000228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    186550716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103550488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83000228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    186550716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103550488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83000228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    186550716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.211991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.210638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.210638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3835203.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 838386.141414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1480561.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3835203.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 838386.141414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1480561.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3835203.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 838386.141414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1480561.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          446                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.583505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         127559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        51.146351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.535532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.485135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   209.387922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1807.174915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.012444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.102240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.882410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 446                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73995642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    413539842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     487535484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2413951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73995642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    415953793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      489949435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73995642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    415953793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     489949435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.468085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.467634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.482684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.467634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.482684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2740579.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 989329.765550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1095585.357303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2413951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2740579.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 992729.816229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1098541.334081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2740579.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 992729.816229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1098541.334081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 92                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      92                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71624597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    376833523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448458120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2326151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71624597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    379159674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    450784271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71624597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    379159674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    450784271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.468085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.467634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.467634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2652762.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 901515.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1007771.056180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2326151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2652762.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 904915.689737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010727.065022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2652762.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 904915.689737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010727.065022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          440                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.570503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         127556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        51.268489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.521288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.451134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   209.094216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1807.503866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.012427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.102097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.882570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            153                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 153                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          476                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   477                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          414                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 441                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75232080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    422394987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     497627067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2413972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75232080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    424808959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      500041039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75232080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    424808959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     500041039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          153                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             153                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.480874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.480392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.480392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2786373.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1022748.152542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1130970.606818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2413972                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413972                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2786373.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1026108.596618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1133879.907029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2786373.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1026108.596618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1133879.907029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 91                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      91                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72861480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    386211901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    459073381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2326172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72861480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    388538073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    461399553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72861480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    388538073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    461399553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2698573.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 935137.774818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1043348.593182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2326172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2698573.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 938497.760870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1046257.489796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2698573.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 938497.760870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1046257.489796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          657                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2043.631666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          96470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        35.729630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks         126.393470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.032544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   265.753311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1627.452340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.061716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.129762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.794654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.997867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          396                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   397                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          626                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 652                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72571166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    601162056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     673733222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     62479849                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     62479849                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72571166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    663641905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      736213071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72571166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    663641905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     736213071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               1049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              1049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.588297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.598577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.969231                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.969231                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.612524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.621544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.612524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.621544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2791198.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1067783.403197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1143859.460102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 991743.634921                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 991743.634921                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2791198.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1060130.838658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1129161.151840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2791198.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1060130.838658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1129161.151840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                357                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     357                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70288366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    551723455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    622011821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     56947869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56947869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70288366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    608671324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    678959690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70288366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    608671324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    678959690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.588297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.969231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.612524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.612524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2703398.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 979970.612789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1056047.234295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 903934.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903934.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2703398.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 972318.408946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1041349.217791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2703398.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 972318.408946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1041349.217791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.471157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.604693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.738447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.732710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85199869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85199869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85199869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85199869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85199869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85199869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981392.302326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1981392.302326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981392.302326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1981392.302326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981392.302326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1981392.302326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56450371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56450371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56450371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56450371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56450371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56450371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2090754.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2090754.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2090754.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2090754.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2090754.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2090754.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             189724.130820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.869572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.130428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1034339294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1034339294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035623681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035623681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035623681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035623681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461552.563141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461552.563141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459053.050089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459053.050089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459053.050089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459053.050089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224530645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224530645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224722945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224722945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224722945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224722945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 349192.293935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349192.293935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347868.335913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347868.335913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347868.335913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347868.335913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              496.177567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              845322422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1700849.943662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.177567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         137394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        137394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     18473350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18473350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     18473350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18473350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     18473350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18473350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       137414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       137414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 923667.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923667.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15102298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15102298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15102298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15102298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15102298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15102298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1006819.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006819.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              132973427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             153018.903337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   175.155225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    80.844775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.684200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.315800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        95068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        79734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       174802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         174802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       174802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        174802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    912975188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    912975188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     87588636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87588636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1000563824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1000563824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1000563824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1000563824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        97158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       177009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       177009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 436830.233493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436830.233493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 748620.820513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 748620.820513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       278278                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       139139                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    214644397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214644397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1390539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1390539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    216034936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    216034936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    216034936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    216034936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 350726.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350726.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1390539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1390539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              491.348711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              844476883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1682224.866534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    16.348711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.026200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       146111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       146111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         146111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       146111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        146111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     52285556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52285556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     52285556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52285556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     52285556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52285556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       146148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       146148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       146148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       146148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       146148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1413123.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1413123.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1413123.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1413123.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1413123.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1413123.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45633216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45633216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45633216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45633216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45633216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45633216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1690119.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1690119.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1690119.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1690119.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1690119.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1690119.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              127668067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             165802.684416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   156.454245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    99.545755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.611149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.388851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        99214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        82737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       181951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         181951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       181951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        181951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    589729750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    589729750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1155259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    590885009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    590885009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    590885009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    590885009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       100839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        82751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       183590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       183590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.016115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 362910.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 362910.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82518.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82518.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 360515.563758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 360515.563758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 360515.563758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 360515.563758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    143493562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143493562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    143685862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143685862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    143685862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143685862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 280809.318982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 280809.318982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 279544.478599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279544.478599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 279544.478599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279544.478599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              568.505032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              868078592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1520277.744308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.455938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   542.049095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.042397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       130634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       130634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         130634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       130634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        130634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    116646853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116646853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    116646853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116646853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    116646853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116646853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       130683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       130683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       130683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       130683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       130683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2380548.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2380548.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2380548.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2380548.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2380548.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2380548.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68894336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68894336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68894336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68894336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68894336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68894336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2460512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2460512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2460512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2460512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2460512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2460512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  904                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              332250244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             286422.624138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   105.792406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   150.207594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.413252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.586748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       332809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       181397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       514206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         514206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       514206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        514206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         3266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         3266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1731635536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1731635536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6566545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6566545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1738202081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1738202081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1738202081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1738202081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       336067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       181405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       517472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       517472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 531502.620012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 531502.620012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 820818.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820818.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 532211.292407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 532211.292407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 532211.292407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 532211.292407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    460426113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460426113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3195283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3195283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    463621396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    463621396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    463621396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    463621396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 511016.773585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 511016.773585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1065094.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1065094.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 512855.526549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 512855.526549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 512855.526549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 512855.526549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              516.545011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              849066053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1639123.654440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    26.545011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.042540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       105605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       105605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         105605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       105605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        105605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90209612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90209612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90209612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90209612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90209612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90209612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       105647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       105647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       105647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       105647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       105647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147847.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2147847.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147847.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2147847.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147847.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2147847.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129375                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129375                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71648903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71648903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71648903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71648903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71648903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71648903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2558889.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2558889.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2558889.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2558889.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2558889.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2558889.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 1016                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              141283851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             111072.209906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   194.503739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    61.496261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.759780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.240220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        79820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        64171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       143991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         143991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       143991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        143991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1567812766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1567812766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    550677181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    550677181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2118489947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2118489947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2118489947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2118489947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        64718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       146949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       146949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       146949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       146949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.029320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.020129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.020129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 650274.892576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 650274.892576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006722.451554                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1006722.451554                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 716189.975321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 716189.975321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 716189.975321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 716189.975321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    616730348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    616730348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     66435565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66435565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    683165913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    683165913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    683165913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    683165913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001051                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001051                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 650559.438819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 650559.438819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 976993.602941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 976993.602941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 672407.394685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 672407.394685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 672407.394685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 672407.394685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              516.578666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              849065957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1639123.469112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.578666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.042594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       105509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       105509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         105509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       105509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        105509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     96267755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96267755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     96267755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96267755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     96267755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96267755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       105551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       105551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       105551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       105551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       105551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2292089.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2292089.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2292089.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2292089.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2292089.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2292089.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       740786                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       370393                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75050670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75050670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75050670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75050670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75050670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75050670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2680381.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2680381.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2680381.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2680381.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2680381.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2680381.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 1025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              141283752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             110291.765808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   194.443040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    61.556960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.759543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.240457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        79690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        64187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       143877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         143877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       143877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        143877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          570                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2959                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2959                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1553703352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1553703352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    550426244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    550426244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2104129596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2104129596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2104129596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2104129596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        82079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        64757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       146836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       146836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       146836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       146836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.029106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008802                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008802                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.020152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.020152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 650357.200502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 650357.200502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 965660.077193                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 965660.077193                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 711094.827982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 711094.827982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 711094.827982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 711094.827982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    629464509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    629464509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     71794820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71794820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    701259329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    701259329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    701259329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    701259329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001127                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001127                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 661202.215336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661202.215336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 983490.684932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983490.684932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 684155.442927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 684155.442927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 684155.442927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 684155.442927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              515.651907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              849066688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1642295.334623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.651907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.041109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       106240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        106240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       106240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         106240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       106240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        106240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82782495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82782495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82782495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82782495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82782495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82782495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       106281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       106281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       106281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       106281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       106281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2019085.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2019085.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2019085.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2019085.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2019085.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2019085.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76268                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76268                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64065600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64065600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64065600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64065600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64065600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64065600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2372800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2372800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2372800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2372800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2372800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2372800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1020                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              141284664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             110724.658307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   194.448043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    61.551957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.759563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.240437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        64511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       144788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         144788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       144788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        144788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1544925065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1544925065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    552913367                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    552913367                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2097838432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2097838432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2097838432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2097838432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        65056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       147726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       147726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       147726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       147726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.028946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 645601.782282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 645601.782282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1014519.939450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1014519.939450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 714036.226004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 714036.226004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 714036.226004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 714036.226004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1918                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1918                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    605584061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    605584061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     64903144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64903144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    670487205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    670487205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    670487205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    670487205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 636786.604627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636786.604627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 940625.275362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 940625.275362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 657340.397059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 657340.397059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 657340.397059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 657340.397059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              566.785479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              868079161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1525622.427065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.736945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   542.048533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.039643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       131203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       131203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         131203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       131203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        131203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112092954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112092954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112092954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112092954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112092954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112092954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       131247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       131247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       131247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       131247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       131247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2547567.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2547567.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2547567.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2547567.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2547567.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2547567.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65450854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65450854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65450854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65450854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65450854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65450854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2517340.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2517340.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2517340.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2517340.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2517340.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2517340.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  898                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              332250849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             287912.347487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   105.789651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   150.210349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.413241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.586759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       333199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        333199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       181614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       514813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         514813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       514813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        514813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           13                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         3216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         3216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1666381507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1666381507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5251584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5251584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1671633091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1671633091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1671633091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1671633091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       336402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       181627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       518029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       518029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       518029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       518029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 520256.480487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 520256.480487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       403968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       403968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 519786.408893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 519786.408893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 519786.408893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 519786.408893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    443917002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443917002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2340735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2340735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    446257737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    446257737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    446257737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    446257737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 496551.456376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 496551.456376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 585183.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 585183.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 496946.255011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 496946.255011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 496946.255011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 496946.255011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              491.284890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              844476079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1682223.264940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.284890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.026098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       145307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       145307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         145307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       145307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        145307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49166050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49166050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49166050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49166050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49166050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49166050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       145346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       145346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       145346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       145346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       145346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1260667.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260667.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1260667.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1260667.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1260667.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1260667.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40233169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40233169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40233169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40233169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40233169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40233169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490117.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490117.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490117.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490117.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490117.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490117.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              127667042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             167322.466579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   156.243037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    99.756963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.610324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.389676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        98687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        82243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       180930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         180930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       180930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        180930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    611721151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    611721151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1099761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1099761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    612820912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    612820912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    612820912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    612820912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       100292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        82257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       182549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       182549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 381134.673520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 381134.673520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 78554.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78554.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 378518.166770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 378518.166770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 378518.166770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 378518.166770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148977370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148977370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149169670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149169670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149169670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149169670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 295590.019841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295590.019841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 294220.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294220.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 294220.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294220.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.814102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              845322084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1704278.395161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.814102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.022138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       137056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       137056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         137056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       137056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        137056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     21344259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21344259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     21344259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21344259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     21344259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21344259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       137078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       137078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       137078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       137078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       137078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 970193.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 970193.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 970193.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 970193.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 970193.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 970193.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18284169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18284169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18284169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18284169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18284169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18284169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1306012.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1306012.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1306012.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1306012.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1306012.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1306012.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              132972900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             153548.383372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   174.785545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    81.214455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.682756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.317244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        94918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        79362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       174280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         174280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       174280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        174280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    908652292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    908652292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    113413282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    113413282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1022065574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1022065574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1022065574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1022065574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        97004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        79479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       176483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       176483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 435595.537872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435595.537872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 969344.290598                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969344.290598                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 463942.611893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 463942.611893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 463942.611893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 463942.611893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1938117                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 969058.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    223070238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    223070238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1389863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    224460101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224460101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    224460101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224460101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 366289.389163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 366289.389163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1389863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 367967.378689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 367967.378689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 367967.378689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 367967.378689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              567.688045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              868078978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1522945.575439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.637784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   542.050261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.041086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.868670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         131020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        131020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    110399733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110399733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    110399733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110399733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    110399733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110399733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       131063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       131063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2567435.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2567435.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2567435.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2567435.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2567435.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2567435.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65786688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65786688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65786688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65786688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65786688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65786688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2436544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2436544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2436544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2436544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2436544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2436544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  915                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              332251309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             283732.970965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   105.653573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   150.346427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.412709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.587291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       333425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        333425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       181849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       515274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         515274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       515274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        515274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1689663902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1689663902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5287175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5287175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1694951077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1694951077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1694951077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1694951077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       336725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       181857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       518582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       518582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       518582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       518582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 512019.364242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 512019.364242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 660896.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 660896.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 512379.406590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 512379.406590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 512379.406590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 512379.406590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    449166839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    449166839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2554232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2554232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    451721071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451721071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    451721071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451721071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 491429.801969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 491429.801969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 851410.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851410.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 492607.492912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 492607.492912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 492607.492912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 492607.492912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              475.048828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              847790673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1751633.621901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    20.048828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.032130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       150098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       150098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         150098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       150098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        150098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    189732489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    189732489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    189732489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    189732489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    189732489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    189732489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       150140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       150140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       150140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       150140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       150140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4517440.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4517440.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4517440.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4517440.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4517440.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4517440.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4172785                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1043196.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111899353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111899353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111899353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111899353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111899353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111899353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3858598.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3858598.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3858598.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3858598.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3858598.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3858598.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              123781024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             170732.446897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   153.365465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   102.634535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.599084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.400916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       117825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        117825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        86660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       204485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         204485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       204485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        204485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    282652364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    282652364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       750647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       750647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    283403011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    283403011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    283403011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    283403011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       119027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        86668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       205695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       205695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 235151.717138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 235151.717138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93830.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93830.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 234217.364463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 234217.364463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 234217.364463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 234217.364463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125264854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125264854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       208372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125473226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125473226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125473226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125473226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 268808.699571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268808.699571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69457.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69457.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 267533.530917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 267533.530917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 267533.530917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 267533.530917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              475.103080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              847791320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1751634.958678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.103080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.032216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       150745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       150745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         150745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       150745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        150745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    180265367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    180265367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    180265367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    180265367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    180265367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    180265367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       150787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       150787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       150787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       150787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       150787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 4292032.547619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4292032.547619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 4292032.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4292032.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 4292032.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4292032.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3829771                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 638295.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    106290204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106290204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    106290204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106290204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    106290204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106290204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3665179.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3665179.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3665179.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3665179.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3665179.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3665179.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              123782143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             170733.990345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   153.648102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   102.351898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.600188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.399812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       118485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        87119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        87119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       205604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         205604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       205604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        205604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    260203494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    260203494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       751165                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751165                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    260954659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    260954659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    260954659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    260954659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       119677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        87127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       206804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       206804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 218291.521812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 218291.521812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93895.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93895.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 217462.215833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 217462.215833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 217462.215833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 217462.215833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    116480511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116480511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       208416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    116688927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116688927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    116688927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116688927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 249422.935760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249422.935760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        69472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 248274.312766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248274.312766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 248274.312766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248274.312766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              568.481717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              868078430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1520277.460595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.430887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   542.050830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.042357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.868671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         130472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        130472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    126103839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126103839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    126103839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126103839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    126103839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126103839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       130519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       130519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2683060.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2683060.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2683060.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2683060.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2683060.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2683060.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74284042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74284042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74284042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74284042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74284042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74284042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653001.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2653001.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2653001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2653001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  896                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              332250104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             288411.548611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   105.728036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   150.271964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.413000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.587000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       332764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       181300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       514064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         514064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       514064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        514064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         3220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         3220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1687757407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1687757407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5290683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5290683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1693048090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1693048090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1693048090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1693048090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       335976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       181308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       517284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       517284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 525453.738169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 525453.738169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 661335.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 661335.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 525791.332298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 525791.332298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 525791.332298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 525791.332298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    449267378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    449267378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2555526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    451822904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451822904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    451822904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451822904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 503098.967525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503098.967525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       851842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       851842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 504266.633929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 504266.633929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 504266.633929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 504266.633929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              568.447728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              868077967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1520276.649737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    26.395884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   542.051844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.042301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.868673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       130009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       130009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         130009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       130009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        130009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    124329954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    124329954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    124329954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    124329954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    124329954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    124329954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       130055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       130055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       130055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       130055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       130055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2702825.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2702825.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2702825.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2702825.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2702825.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2702825.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75520280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75520280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75520280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75520280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75520280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75520280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2697152.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2697152.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2697152.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2697152.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2697152.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2697152.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  889                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              332249535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             290174.266376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   105.557061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   150.442939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.412332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.587668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       332516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       180985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       180985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           88                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           88                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       513501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         513501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       513501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        513501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1724644377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1724644377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5290851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5290851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1729935228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1729935228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1729935228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1729935228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       335711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       180993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       180993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           88                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       516704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       516704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       516704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       516704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 539794.797183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539794.797183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 661356.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 661356.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 540098.416485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 540098.416485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 540098.416485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 540098.416485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    457973196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    457973196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2555568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    460528764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    460528764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    460528764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    460528764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 516317.019166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 516317.019166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       851856                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       851856                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 517448.049438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 517448.049438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 517448.049438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 517448.049438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              515.644823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              849066637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1642295.235977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.644823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.041097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       106189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        106189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       106189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         106189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       106189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        106189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92674270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92674270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92674270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92674270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92674270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92674270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       106229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       106229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       106229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       106229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       106229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2316856.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2316856.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2316856.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2316856.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2316856.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2316856.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1015598                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       507799                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72852795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72852795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72852795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72852795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72852795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72852795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2698251.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2698251.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2698251.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2698251.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2698251.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2698251.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 1022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              141284914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             110551.575900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   194.269674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    61.730326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.758866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.241134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        80454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        64579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       145033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         145033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       145033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        145033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          511                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          511                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1597676728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1597676728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    505838426                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    505838426                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2103515154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2103515154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2103515154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2103515154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        82887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        65090                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65090                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       147977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       147977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       147977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       147977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.029353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 656669.431977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 656669.431977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 989899.072407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 989899.072407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 714509.223505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 714509.223505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 714509.223505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 714509.223505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    632506170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    632506170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     63130949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63130949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    695637119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    695637119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    695637119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    695637119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 660925.987461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 660925.987461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 971245.369231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 971245.369231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 680662.543053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 680662.543053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 680662.543053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 680662.543053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
