
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000966                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   965810364                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391065124101                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 403581                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   522858                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  33700                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67608204                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28659.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11566414205                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14984800628                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        41344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        69120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        20096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        23936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        24064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        17792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        19328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        41472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        68352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        67968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        24064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        13184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               565376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       267648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            267648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1855437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42807575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1722906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     71566844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1722906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20807397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3313280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24783333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3313280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24915864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1855437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     18421836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3313280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24385740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1722906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20012210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1855437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     42940107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1722906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     70771657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1722906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     70374064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3313280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     26241176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3313280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24120677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3313280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     24915864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3313280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23723084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3578342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13650713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               585390281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1855437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1722906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1722906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3313280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3313280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1855437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3313280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1722906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1855437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1722906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1722906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3313280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3313280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3313280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3313280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3578342                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           40952139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         277122725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              277122725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         277122725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1855437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42807575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1722906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     71566844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1722906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20807397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3313280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24783333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3313280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24915864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1855437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     18421836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3313280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24385740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1722906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20012210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1855437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     42940107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1722906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     70771657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1722906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     70374064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3313280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     26241176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3313280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24120677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3313280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     24915864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3313280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23723084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3578342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13650713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              862513006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180544                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162550                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11286                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81753                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62609                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9849                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          501                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1895611                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1131665                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180544                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72458                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223142                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36013                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        43881                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110556                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2187109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        1963967     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7875      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16266      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6797      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36130      1.65%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32554      1.49%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6436      0.29%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13368      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103716      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2187109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077952                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.488609                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1884508                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        55379                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222190                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          728                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24296                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16001                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1327095                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24296                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1887038                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         37052                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        11764                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220478                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         6473                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1325102                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         2543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           62                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1566096                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6234802                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6234802                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         217119                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          159                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           18420                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308916                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154773                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1462                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7501                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1320298                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256786                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125642                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       307234                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2187109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1739764     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134322      6.14%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109945      5.03%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47812      2.19%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60368      2.76%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57674      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32849      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2798      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1577      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2187109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3168     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24449     86.23%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          735      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792845     63.09%     63.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10995      0.87%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298766     23.77%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154105     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256786                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.542632                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28352                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022559                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4730024                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446145                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243913                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2293                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16217                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1682                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24296                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         33630                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1629                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1320456                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308916                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154773                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1118                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5801                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7062                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12863                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246634                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297569                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451629                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163045                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154060                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.538249                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1244043                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243913                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673329                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1332465                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.537074                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.505326                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145044                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11323                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2162813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1735793     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156302      7.23%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73167      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71863      3.32%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19754      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83829      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6552      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4564      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10989      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2162813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        10989                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3472426                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2665513                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 43003                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                128984                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.316093                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.316093                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.431762                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.431762                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152992                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451350                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1569259                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         179792                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146532                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19087                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73542                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68314                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17849                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          832                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1740075                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1062494                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            179792                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        86163                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              218041                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         59571                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        59506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          108801                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19123                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2057420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1839379     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          11500      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18423      0.90%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          27354      1.33%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          11447      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          13550      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          14223      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          10000      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         111544      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2057420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077627                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.458744                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1718296                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        81943                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          216406                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        39491                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        29262                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1287820                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        39491                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1722598                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         39168                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        29644                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          213508                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        13008                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1284868                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          851                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1758706                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5988794                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5988794                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1449230                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         309476                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          282                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          150                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           38558                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       130125                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        71897                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3660                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        13833                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1280264                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          282                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1194610                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1844                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197064                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454737                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2057420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1549258     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205661     10.00%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113622      5.52%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75135      3.65%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68507      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21300      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15201      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5322      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3414      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2057420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1219     41.18%     52.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1406     47.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       983487     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22005      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          132      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118537      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70449      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1194610                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.515787                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2960                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002478                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4451444                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1477673                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1172646                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1197570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5822                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27494                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4773                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          957                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        39491                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         29253                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1430                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1280546                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           55                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130125                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71897                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          150                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          734                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10167                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11872                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        22039                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177234                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112257                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17376                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             182560                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         159656                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            70303                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.508284                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1172741                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1172646                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          693908                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1760332                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.506304                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394192                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868178                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1058799                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222681                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        19418                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2017929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1589152     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204202     10.12%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84530      4.19%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43501      2.16%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32486      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18372      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11406      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9446      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24834      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2017929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       868178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1058799                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               169755                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              102631                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           146997                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          957304                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        20649                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        24834                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3274575                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2602458                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 31230                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                258673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            868178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1058799                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       868178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.667763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.667763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.374846                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.374846                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5343581                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1603142                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1220320                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         175241                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157151                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15320                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118121                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114706                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9620                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          436                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1857241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1000272                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            175241                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       124326                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              221587                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         50929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        22236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          113604                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14844                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2136596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1915009     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          34519      1.62%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          16513      0.77%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          33865      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4           9164      0.43%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          31683      1.48%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           4541      0.21%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           7930      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          83372      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2136596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075662                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.431879                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1845021                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        35129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          221028                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          216                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        35196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        15581                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1109739                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1498                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        35196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1846777                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         19325                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        10888                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          219307                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         5097                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1107401                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1444487                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5006004                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5006004                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1138340                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         306142                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           13429                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       207656                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        29932                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          268                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         6362                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1100219                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          137                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1019050                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          971                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220543                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       467243                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2136596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1693037     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132672      6.21%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154252      7.22%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87197      4.08%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44746      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11721      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12382      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          310      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          279      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2136596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1734     58.58%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          669     22.60%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          557     18.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       794310     77.95%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7390      0.73%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187723     18.42%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29560      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1019050                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.439987                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2960                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002905                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4178627                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1320908                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       990644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1022010                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          807                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45592                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1083                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        35196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         14364                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          620                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1100356                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207656                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29932                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           69                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          345                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9366                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6720                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        16086                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1005258                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184884                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13792                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             214437                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         152974                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            29553                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.434032                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent               991044                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count              990644                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          601427                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1280388                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.427722                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.469722                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       786183                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       877585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222809                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        15053                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2101400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1778185     84.62%     84.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124496      5.92%     90.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82128      3.91%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25534      1.22%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44394      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7924      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5155      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4567      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29017      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2101400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       786183                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       877585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               190910                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              162061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           135254                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          764803                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        10286                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        29017                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3172777                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2236003                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 43382                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                179497                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            786183                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              877585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       786183                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.945997                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.945997                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.339444                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.339444                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        4682559                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1285147                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1188724                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         185773                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152284                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20185                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76011                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70855                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18779                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          887                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1783711                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1059840                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            185773                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        89634                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              232073                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         57400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        64057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          111521                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19894                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2116751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1884678     89.04%     89.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          24582      1.16%     90.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          29161      1.38%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          15794      0.75%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          17588      0.83%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          10496      0.50%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6951      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17985      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         109516      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2116751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.080210                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.457598                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1768502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        79882                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          229926                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1928                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        36510                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        29983                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1292120                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2070                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        36510                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1771789                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         15178                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        56207                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          228611                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8453                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1290259                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1796464                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6005200                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6005200                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1506663                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         289780                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          348                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           24008                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       123438                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        66444                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1672                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        14067                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1286812                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1209188                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1423                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404467                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2116751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.571247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1607351     75.93%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205092      9.69%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109866      5.19%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76313      3.61%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66613      3.15%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33633      1.59%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8409      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5438      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4036      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2116751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1108     42.18%     54.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1195     45.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1013122     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18709      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111472      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65739      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1209188                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.522081                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2627                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4539175                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1461844                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1187277                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1211815                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23515                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           73                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        36510                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10959                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1287170                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123438                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66444                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          751                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11069                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11695                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        22764                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1189634                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104765                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19552                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             170461                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         166061                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            65696                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.513638                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1187377                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1187277                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          706994                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1850117                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.512621                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382135                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       884664                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1085527                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201651                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          298                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        20106                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2080241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1636612     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206016      9.90%     88.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86181      4.14%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51594      2.48%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35615      1.71%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23274      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12239      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9577      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19133      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2080241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       884664                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1085527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               164540                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads               99923                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           155397                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          978590                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        22079                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        19133                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3348273                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2610880                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 29470                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                199342                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            884664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1085527                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       884664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.618048                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.618048                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.381964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.381964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5365934                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1651126                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1205581                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2315756                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         185968                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152459                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20132                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76309                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70879                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18795                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          894                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1784543                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1060390                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            185968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        89674                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              232250                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         57271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        66136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          111505                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19839                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2119766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1887516     89.04%     89.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          24652      1.16%     90.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          29261      1.38%     91.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          15725      0.74%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          17586      0.83%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          10481      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6850      0.32%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          17932      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         109763      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2119766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.080306                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.457902                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1769349                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        81950                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          230071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1956                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        36437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        29983                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1293078                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2070                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        36437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1772671                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         14898                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        58514                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          228749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8494                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1291137                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1797348                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6009614                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6009614                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1508448                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         288843                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          349                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           24204                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       123714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        66459                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1687                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        14039                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1287691                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1209850                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1425                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174460                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       405646                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           54                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2119766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.570747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1610034     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205246      9.68%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110006      5.19%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76283      3.60%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66679      3.15%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33581      1.58%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8472      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5430      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4035      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2119766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           320     12.17%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1118     42.53%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1191     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1013572     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18710      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111673      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65749      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1209850                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.522443                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2629                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4543520                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1462546                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1187880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1212479                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3178                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23636                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1741                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           73                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        36437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10685                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1288049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66459                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          757                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11016                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11641                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        22657                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1190242                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104863                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             170575                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         166120                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            65712                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.513976                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1187978                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1187880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          707252                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1851536                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.512956                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381981                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       885712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1086865                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201119                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          298                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        20050                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2083329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1639273     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206171      9.90%     88.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86271      4.14%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51532      2.47%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35827      1.72%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23234      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12241      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9608      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19172      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2083329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       885712                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1086865                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               164753                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              100061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           155618                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          979802                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        22119                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        19172                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3352128                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2612492                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 29383                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                195990                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            885712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1086865                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       885712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.614570                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.614570                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.382472                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.382472                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5368812                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1651707                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1206213                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         190531                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156060                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20183                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          72979                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19268                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1824075                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1067359                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            190531                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        92247                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              221578                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         56358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        43434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          113070                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20038                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2125029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1903451     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          10159      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          16060      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          21544      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          22801      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          19259      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          10299      0.48%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          16069      0.76%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         105387      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2125029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082264                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1805293                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        62617                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          220981                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          361                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        35775                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31071                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1308920                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        35775                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1810752                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         13687                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        37175                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          215869                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        11769                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1307151                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1824956                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6078888                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6078888                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1546681                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         278275                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           37095                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       123212                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        65114                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          735                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        14465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1303964                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1226382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          251                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       165063                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404544                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2125029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1608064     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211503      9.95%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107369      5.05%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81637      3.84%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64314      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25868      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16498      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8562      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1214      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2125029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           294     13.35%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          794     36.06%     49.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1114     50.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032107     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18259      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111021      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64843      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1226382                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.529505                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4580246                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469338                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1205914                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1228584                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2437                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22721                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1185                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        35775                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         10937                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1174                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1304268                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123212                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65114                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1010                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10910                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12014                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        22924                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1207783                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104172                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             169001                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         171077                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            64829                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.521474                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1205982                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1205914                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          693339                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1871072                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.520667                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370557                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       901760                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1109720                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194553                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20244                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2089254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1634459     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225238     10.78%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85249      4.08%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40431      1.94%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33910      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19811      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17783      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7686      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24687      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2089254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       901760                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1109720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               164420                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              100491                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           160088                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          999804                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        22861                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        24687                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3368840                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2644325                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 29426                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                191064                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            901760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1109720                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       901760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.568414                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.568414                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.389345                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.389345                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5434077                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1681605                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1211306                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         185835                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152336                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20196                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76039                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70891                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18779                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          890                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1784479                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1060184                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            185835                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        89670                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              232155                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         57399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        62538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          111565                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19903                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2116071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1883916     89.03%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          24594      1.16%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          29176      1.38%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          15801      0.75%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          17597      0.83%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          10496      0.50%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           6954      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          17999      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         109538      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2116071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080236                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.457747                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1769345                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        78287                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          230007                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1930                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        36499                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        29995                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1292508                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2070                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        36499                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1772625                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         15215                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        54584                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          228699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1290662                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1797066                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6007053                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6007053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1507381                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         289663                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           23996                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       123448                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        66460                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1673                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        14070                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1287220                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1209729                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1418                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174526                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       403827                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2116071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.571686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1606442     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205190      9.70%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109906      5.19%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76344      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66652      3.15%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33652      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8406      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5441      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4038      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2116071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1111     42.29%     54.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1192     45.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1013587     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18713      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111522      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65761      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1209729                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.522315                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2627                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4539573                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1462138                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1187809                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1212356                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3232                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23480                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1821                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           73                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        36499                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         10993                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1287576                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123448                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66460                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          737                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11075                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11701                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        22776                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1190166                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104813                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19562                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             170531                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         166145                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            65718                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.513868                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1187908                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1187809                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          707293                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1850926                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.512850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       885072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1086028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201547                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          298                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        20116                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2079572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1635757     78.66%     78.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206109      9.91%     88.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86212      4.15%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51609      2.48%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35621      1.71%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23287      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12243      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9581      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19153      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2079572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       885072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1086028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               164604                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               99965                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           155479                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          979029                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        22087                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        19153                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3347981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2611672                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 29483                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                200022                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            885072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1086028                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       885072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.616841                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.616841                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.382140                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.382140                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5368314                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1651878                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1205970                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         175091                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157013                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15437                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114788                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9627                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          457                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1858010                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts               999465                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            175091                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       124415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              221517                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         51124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        21154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          113693                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14953                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2136293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1914776     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          34545      1.62%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          16398      0.77%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          33843      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4           9384      0.44%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          31687      1.48%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           4570      0.21%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           7895      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          83195      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2136293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075598                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.431531                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1845529                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        34321                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          220946                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        35272                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        15548                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1108775                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        35272                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1847308                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         19071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        10334                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          219225                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         5077                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1106457                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1443060                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5001991                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5001991                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1136630                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         306424                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           13370                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       207747                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        29936                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          297                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         6359                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1099273                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1017516                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          926                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220822                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470373                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2136293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1692985     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132852      6.22%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       153976      7.21%     92.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87408      4.09%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44600      2.09%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11605      0.54%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12276      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          321      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          270      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2136293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1689     57.84%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          676     23.15%     80.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          555     19.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792747     77.91%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7394      0.73%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187783     18.46%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29525      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1017516                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.439324                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2920                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4175171                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1320239                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       989060                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1020436                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45793                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1159                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        35272                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         14073                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          646                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1099409                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207747                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29936                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          357                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9494                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6719                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        16213                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1003816                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185013                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13700                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             214528                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         152722                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            29515                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.433409                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent               989477                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count              989060                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          600311                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1276868                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.427038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.470143                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       785194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps       876359                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223107                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        15166                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2101021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1778257     84.64%     84.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124310      5.92%     90.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82123      3.91%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25383      1.21%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44329      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7891      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5179      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4583      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28966      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2101021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       785194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps       876359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               190727                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              161950                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           135078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          763704                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        10263                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        28966                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3171521                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2234220                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 43521                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                179800                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            785194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              876359                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       785194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.949708                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.949708                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.339017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.339017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        4676349                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1282839                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1187897                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         180018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162032                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11316                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82873                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62662                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9800                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1894513                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1129733                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            180018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        72462                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              222890                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         35952                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        43215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          110574                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11191                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2184998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1962108     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           7888      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          16333      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           6787      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          36127      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          32627      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6380      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          13307      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         103441      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2184998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077725                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.487775                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1883376                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        54760                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          221927                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          727                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        24200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        15979                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          181                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1324515                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1089                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        24200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1885901                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         36369                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        11665                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          220216                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6639                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1322599                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         2547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          161                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1562212                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6224065                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6224065                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1346624                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         215578                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          159                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           18609                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       308549                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       154730                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1426                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         7465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1317856                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1255462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       124876                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       301969                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2184998                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1738055     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134386      6.15%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109752      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47705      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60187      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57720      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32808      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2819      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1566      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2184998                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3178     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24474     86.20%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          741      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791819     63.07%     63.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10991      0.88%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298509     23.78%     87.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154068     12.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1255462                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.542060                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28393                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022616                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4725222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1442937                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1242684                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1283855                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2265                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16005                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        24200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         32911                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1603                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1318014                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308549                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154730                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1088                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5867                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7021                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        12888                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1245312                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297333                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             451356                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         162885                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           154023                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.537678                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1242798                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1242684                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          672861                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1331454                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.536543                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505358                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998635                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1173861                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144284                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        11356                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2160798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1734397     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156109      7.22%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        72977      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71870      3.33%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19624      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83742      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6542      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4566      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10971      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2160798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       998635                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1173861                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               445530                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              292543                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           155125                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1043859                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        11424                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        10971                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3467972                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2660518                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 43056                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                131095                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            998635                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1173861                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       998635                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.319259                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.319259                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.431172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.431172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6147299                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1449267                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1567168                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         180423                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       147042                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19067                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74170                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17870                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          837                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1743726                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1064442                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            180423                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        86642                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              218433                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         59446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        57849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          108927                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2059706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1841273     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          11501      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18238      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          27502      1.34%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          11565      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          13667      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          14221      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          10040      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         111699      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2059706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077900                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459585                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1722201                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        80025                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          216797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1289                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39391                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        29383                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1290433                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39391                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1726492                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         38713                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        28083                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          213907                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        13117                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1287557                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         6609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          985                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1762343                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6000733                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6000733                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1452565                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         309778                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          280                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          147                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           38590                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       130344                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        71862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3602                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        13901                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1283018                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          279                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1197166                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1901                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197034                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456003                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2059706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1550361     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206023     10.00%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114269      5.55%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75048      3.64%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68701      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21321      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15244      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5324      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3415      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2059706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           331     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1220     41.27%     52.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1405     47.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       985929     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21956      1.83%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          133      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118633      9.91%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70515      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1197166                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.516890                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2956                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002469                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4458895                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1480396                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1175015                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1200122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5664                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27464                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          939                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39391                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         29128                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1466                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1283297                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           70                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130344                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          147                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          753                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10207                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11812                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        22019                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179579                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112182                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             182566                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         160106                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            70384                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.509297                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1175117                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1175015                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          695144                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1764583                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.507326                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.393942                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       870162                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1061308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222937                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        19391                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2020315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1590612     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204475     10.12%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84924      4.20%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43414      2.15%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32686      1.62%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18431      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11420      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9500      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24853      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2020315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       870162                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1061308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               170178                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              102880                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           147382                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          959571                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        20712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24853                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3279707                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2607887                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 31288                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                256387                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            870162                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1061308                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       870162                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.661680                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.661680                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.375703                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.375703                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5353074                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1606636                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1222254                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         179826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146668                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19259                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73567                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68482                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17870                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          819                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1744499                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1064277                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            179826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        86352                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              218416                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         60136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        54988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          109180                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19288                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2058096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1839680     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11448      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18422      0.90%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          27465      1.33%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          11624      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          13541      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          14045      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9997      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         111874      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2058096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077642                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459514                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1722985                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        77155                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          216779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1288                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39886                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        29161                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          308                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1290335                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1072                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39886                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1727247                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         36376                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        27486                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          213920                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13178                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1287406                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          629                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2479                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         6664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1032                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1762785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6001596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6001596                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1449286                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         313494                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           38607                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       130322                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        71795                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3566                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        13875                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1282784                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          276                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1196390                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1765                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199259                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       459040                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2058096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1548919     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206337     10.03%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113749      5.53%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75267      3.66%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68528      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21347      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15165      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5355      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3429      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2058096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.96%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1236     41.93%     52.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1389     47.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       985372     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22014      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          132      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118502      9.90%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70370      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1196390                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.516555                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2948                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002464                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4455588                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1482377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1174150                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1199338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5781                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27688                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4668                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          947                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39886                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         26434                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1441                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1283060                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130322                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71795                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          144                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          702                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           40                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10379                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11892                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        22271                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1178651                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112100                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17738                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             182324                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         159606                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            70224                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.508896                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1174234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1174150                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          694932                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1764255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.506953                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.393895                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868212                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1058842                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       225226                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        19591                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2018210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1589585     78.76%     78.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204038     10.11%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84660      4.19%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43161      2.14%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32594      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18439      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11480      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9474      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24779      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2018210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       868212                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1058842                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               169761                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              102634                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           147002                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          957343                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        20649                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        24779                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3277499                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2608030                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 31361                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                257997                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            868212                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1058842                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       868212                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.667658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.667658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374861                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374861                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5350193                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1606001                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1221940                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         185833                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152302                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76098                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70734                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18804                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          889                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1782589                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1060217                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            185833                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        89538                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              232087                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         57382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        66512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          111369                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19819                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2118159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1886072     89.04%     89.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          24639      1.16%     90.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          29121      1.37%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          15723      0.74%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          17475      0.83%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          10524      0.50%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6927      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          17926      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         109752      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2118159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.080236                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.457761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1767327                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        82390                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          229874                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1993                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        36572                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        30024                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1292912                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2074                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        36572                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1770705                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         15113                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        58612                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          228533                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8621                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1291044                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1797054                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6008964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6008964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1506470                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         290584                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           24585                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       123685                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        66455                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1674                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        14126                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1287612                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          355                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1209330                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1485                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       175805                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       408516                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           57                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2118159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.570934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1608969     75.96%     75.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       204757      9.67%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109995      5.19%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76224      3.60%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66581      3.14%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33677      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8514      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5418      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4024      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2118159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           320     12.13%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1130     42.84%     54.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1188     45.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1013102     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18707      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111612      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65763      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1209330                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.522142                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2638                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002181                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4540942                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1463816                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1187301                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1211968                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3184                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23774                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1845                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           73                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        36572                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         10842                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1287973                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123685                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66455                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          206                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          767                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10972                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11675                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        22647                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1189773                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104816                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19557                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             170546                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         166030                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            65730                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.513698                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1187405                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1187301                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          706799                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1850436                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.512631                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381963                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       884547                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1085383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       202605                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          298                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        20028                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2081587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339952                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1638191     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       205906      9.89%     88.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86158      4.14%     92.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51403      2.47%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35672      1.71%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23236      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12233      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9618      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19170      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2081587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       884547                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1085383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               164521                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads               99911                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           155379                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          978458                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        22076                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        19170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3350392                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2612554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 29407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                197934                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            884547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1085383                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       884547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.618395                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.618395                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.381913                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.381913                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5366167                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1650791                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1205931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         186022                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152510                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71022                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18812                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          896                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1786811                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1061516                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            186022                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        89834                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              232525                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         57224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        63758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          111598                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19807                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2119908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1887383     89.03%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          24646      1.16%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          29214      1.38%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          15859      0.75%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          17709      0.84%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          10441      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6930      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          17921      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         109805      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2119908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.080317                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.458322                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1771575                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        79609                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          230383                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1925                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        36413                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        29978                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1294436                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        36413                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1774903                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         15119                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        55993                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          229034                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         8443                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1292511                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1799223                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6016596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6016596                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1510368                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         288855                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           24194                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       123822                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        66588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        14078                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1289060                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1211104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1406                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174774                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       406640                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           55                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2119908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.571300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1609553     75.93%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205703      9.70%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110024      5.19%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76314      3.60%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66657      3.14%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33688      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8465      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5479      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4025      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2119908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1119     42.39%     54.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1197     45.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1014593     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18743      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111755      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65866      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1211104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.522908                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2640                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002180                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4546162                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464234                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1189219                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1213744                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3176                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23649                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        36413                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         10953                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1135                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1289423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123822                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          206                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          758                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11593                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        22675                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1191579                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104978                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19525                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             170806                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         166246                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            65828                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.514478                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1189318                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1189219                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          708294                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1853727                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.513459                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382092                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       886942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1088221                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201217                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          302                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        20025                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2083495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1638779     78.66%     78.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206567      9.91%     88.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86372      4.15%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51584      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35844      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23303      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12231      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9639      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19176      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2083495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       886942                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1088221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               164973                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              100173                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           155750                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          981060                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        22136                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        19176                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3353744                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2615295                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 29458                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                196185                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            886942                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1088221                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       886942                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.611324                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.611324                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.382947                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.382947                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5375229                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1653619                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1207579                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2316091                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         185685                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152268                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20125                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76119                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70806                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18757                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          894                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1783320                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1059764                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            185685                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        89563                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              232091                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         57389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        65524                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          111439                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19843                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2117897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1885806     89.04%     89.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          24562      1.16%     90.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          29289      1.38%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          15739      0.74%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          17529      0.83%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          10392      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6935      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          17960      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         109685      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2117897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.080172                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.457566                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1768006                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        81452                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          229888                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1986                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        36562                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        29913                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1292525                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2082                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        36562                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1771361                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         15035                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        57825                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          228562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8549                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1290656                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1796835                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6007877                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6007877                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1506459                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         290376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          348                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           24471                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       123702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        66352                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1614                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        14077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1287203                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          350                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1208601                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1460                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       175621                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       410151                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2117897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.570661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1608706     75.96%     75.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205179      9.69%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109721      5.18%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76206      3.60%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66499      3.14%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33641      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8501      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5397      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4047      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2117897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           325     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1118     42.53%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1186     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1012499     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18695      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111571      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65690      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1208601                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.521828                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2629                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002175                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4539188                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1463219                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1186699                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1211230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3089                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23791                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1742                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           73                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        36562                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         11107                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1114                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1287559                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66352                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11060                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11600                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        22660                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1189122                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104703                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             170362                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         165809                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            65659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.513418                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1186797                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1186699                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          706674                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1850714                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.512371                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381839                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       884538                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1085374                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       202202                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          298                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        20043                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2081335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1637841     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       205987      9.90%     88.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86201      4.14%     92.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51444      2.47%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35675      1.71%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23166      1.11%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12217      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9611      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19193      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2081335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       884538                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1085374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               164521                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads               99911                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           155376                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          978452                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        22076                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        19193                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3349705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2611719                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 29392                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                198194                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            884538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1085374                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       884538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.618419                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.618419                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.381910                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.381910                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5363709                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1650207                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1205343                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         186201                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152642                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20145                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70970                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18818                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          898                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1787074                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1062038                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            186201                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        89788                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              232567                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         57314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        63820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          111651                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19853                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2120325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1887758     89.03%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          24676      1.16%     90.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          29295      1.38%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          15741      0.74%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          17618      0.83%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          10496      0.50%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           6859      0.32%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          17946      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         109936      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2120325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.080394                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.458547                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1771795                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        79719                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          230383                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1962                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        36463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        30024                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1294953                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2078                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        36463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1775124                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         15114                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        56036                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          229060                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8525                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1293008                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1799998                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6018389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6018389                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1511006                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         288989                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           24292                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       123876                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        66572                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1697                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        14044                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1289553                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1211731                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1428                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174549                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       405862                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           55                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2120325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.571484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1609689     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205712      9.70%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110160      5.20%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76412      3.60%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66770      3.15%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33619      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8490      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5436      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4037      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2120325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           321     12.17%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1120     42.46%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1197     45.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1015116     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18748      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111837      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65883      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1211731                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.523179                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2638                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002177                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4547853                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464502                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1189756                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1214369                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3198                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23654                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1742                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        36463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         10869                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1125                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1289916                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123876                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66572                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          206                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          757                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11026                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11647                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        22673                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1192116                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105026                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19615                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             170872                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         166341                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            65846                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.514710                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1189851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1189756                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          708452                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1854309                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.513691                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382057                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       887336                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1088698                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201230                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          302                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        20065                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2083862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1639038     78.65%     78.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206580      9.91%     88.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86387      4.15%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51597      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35908      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23255      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12252      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9626      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19219      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2083862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       887336                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1088698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               165050                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              100220                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           155823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          981478                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        22140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        19219                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3354558                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2616328                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 29420                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                195768                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            887336                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1088698                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       887336                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.610165                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.610165                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.383118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.383118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5377474                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1654301                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1208146                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2316093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         210493                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175315                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20823                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79766                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74603                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22107                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          929                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1817585                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1153354                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            210493                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        96710                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              239270                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         58961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        53816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          114530                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19835                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2148617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.660186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.040522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1909347     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          14436      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17936      0.83%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          29079      1.35%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12235      0.57%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          15900      0.74%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          18173      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8624      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         122887      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2148617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090883                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.497974                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1807026                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        65666                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          238026                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          168                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37730                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        31813                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1408651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1289                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37730                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1809369                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          5656                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        54512                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          235825                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         5524                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1398991                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3794                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1953962                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6499697                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6499697                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1598648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         355314                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          333                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           20838                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       132188                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        67672                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          823                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        14990                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1363144                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1296969                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186238                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       391981                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2148617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1600981     74.51%     74.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248413     11.56%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102306      4.76%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57380      2.67%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77677      3.62%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24498      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23942      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12406      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1014      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2148617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9022     78.77%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1262     11.02%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1169     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092709     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17546      1.35%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119262      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67294      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1296969                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.559981                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11453                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4755664                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1549738                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1260542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1308422                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1034                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28148                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37730                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4225                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          544                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1363481                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132188                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67672                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          481                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12279                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        23684                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1272430                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116754                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24539                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             184000                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         179486                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            67246                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.549386                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1260589                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1260542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          754874                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2027384                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.544254                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372339                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       930151                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1146345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217151                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        20785                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2110887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1625559     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246125     11.66%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89188      4.23%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44416      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40620      1.92%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17234      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16990      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8034      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22721      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2110887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       930151                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1146345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               170159                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              104040                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           166197                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1032083                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        23699                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        22721                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3451649                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2764728                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 29422                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                167476                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            930151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1146345                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       930151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.490018                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.490018                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.401603                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.401603                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5722777                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1762963                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1301236                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4430                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32740.906200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           611464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.448701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1496.274786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.091837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   174.350442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.683175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   250.850548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.061341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    87.393541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.859249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    94.183198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.866605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    94.801532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.591373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    69.780934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    18.865233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    93.422313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.047517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    84.224309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.090588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   173.059854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.682858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   249.229976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.678331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   245.235379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.850764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   100.810903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.871860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    92.547139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.857772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    95.138423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.879288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    89.236105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.921911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    48.215005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1939.051885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2587.347859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1899.373689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1600.958409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1544.950013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1300.216077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1629.539504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1860.164665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1909.840843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2626.577487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2597.624668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1575.599313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1613.323373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1579.237591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1620.048303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1064.398431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.045663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.005321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.007655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.002851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.005281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.007606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.007484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.003077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.001471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.059175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.078960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.057964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.048857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.047148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.039679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.049730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.056768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.058284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.080157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.079273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.048083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.049235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.048195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.049440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.032483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          390                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          430                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          333                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          231                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          336                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          253                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          319                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          333                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          342                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5382                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          323                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          540                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          187                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          139                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          324                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          534                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4417                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1968686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     48770365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1935886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     75345020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2012112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23367273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3997809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     28490611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3814070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28630809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2079616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21395657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3946524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     28093046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2071593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22809792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2063907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     49074110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1937428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     73927949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1975676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     73095450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4028615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     30041742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3964230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     27470110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4097837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     28866021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3932120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     27484962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4159917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15500130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       650349073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6357871                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6524356                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7006408                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       131685                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      20020320                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1968686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     48770365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1935886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     81702891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2012112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23367273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3997809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     28490611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3814070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28630809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2079616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21395657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3946524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     28093046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2071593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22809792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2063907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     49074110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1937428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     80452305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1975676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     80101858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4028615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     30041742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3964230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     27470110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4097837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     28997706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3932120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     27484962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4159917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15500130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        670369393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1968686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     48770365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1935886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     81702891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2012112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23367273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3997809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     28490611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3814070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28630809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2079616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21395657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3946524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     28093046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2071593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22809792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2063907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     49074110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1937428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     80452305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1975676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     80101858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4028615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     30041742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3964230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     27470110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4097837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     28997706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3932120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     27484962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4159917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15500130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       670369393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.453015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.536638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.388614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.373762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.527449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.523294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.385214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.361702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.314024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.444145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.854430                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.453015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.556701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.388614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.362235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.373762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.548818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.546859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.382979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.360845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.343570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.312121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.450760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.453015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.556701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.388614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.362235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.373762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.548818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.546859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.382979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.360845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.343570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.312121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.450760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 140620.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150991.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148914.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151295.220884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154777.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148836.133758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159912.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152356.208556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152562.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152291.537234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       148544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 153925.589928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157860.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152679.597826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159353.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151058.225166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147421.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151463.302469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149032.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150873.365306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151975.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151336.335404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161144.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151725.969697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158569.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150934.670330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163913.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 154363.748663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157284.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 153547.273743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       154071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150486.699029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151879.746147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151377.880952                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148280.818182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 145966.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       131685                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148298.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 140620.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150991.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148914.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151301.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154777.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148836.133758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159912.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152356.208556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152562.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152291.537234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       148544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 153925.589928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157860.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152679.597826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159353.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151058.225166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147421.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151463.302469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149032.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150659.747191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151975.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150850.956685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161144.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151725.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158569.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150934.670330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163913.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 154243.117021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157284.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 153547.273743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       154071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150486.699029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151770.294997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 140620.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150991.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148914.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151301.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154777.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148836.133758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159912.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152356.208556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152562.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152291.537234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       148544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 153925.589928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157860.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152679.597826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159353.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151058.225166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147421.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151463.302469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149032.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150659.747191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151975.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150850.956685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161144.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151725.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158569.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150934.670330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163913.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 154243.117021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157284.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 153547.273743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       154071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150486.699029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151770.294997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2092                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2092                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1155065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29976262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1179865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     46351685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1254727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14225645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2545496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17611079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2361053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17701820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1264178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13302332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2492303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17388532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1318273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     14016538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1248089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30217947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1181648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     45401460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1219910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     44987436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2576453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18522455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2510465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16875696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2647436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     17989200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2478631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17069281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2590130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9498984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    401160074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3909564                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3956989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4210373                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        73260                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12150186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1155065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29976262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1179865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     50261249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1254727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14225645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2545496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17611079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2361053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17701820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1264178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13302332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2492303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17388532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1318273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     14016538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1248089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30217947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1181648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     49358449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1219910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     49197809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2576453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18522455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2510465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16875696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2647436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18062460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2478631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17069281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2590130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9498984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    413310260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1155065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29976262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1179865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     50261249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1254727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14225645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2545496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17611079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2361053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17701820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1264178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13302332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2492303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17388532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1318273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     14016538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1248089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30217947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1181648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     49358449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1219910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     49197809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2576453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18522455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2510465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16875696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2647436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18062460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2478631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17069281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2590130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9498984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    413310260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.453015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.536638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.388614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.373762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.527449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.523294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.385214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.361702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.314024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.444145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.854430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.453015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.556701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.388614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.362235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.373762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.548818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.546859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.382979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.360845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.343570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.312121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.450760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.453015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.556701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.388614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.362235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.373762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.548818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.546859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.382979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.360845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.343570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.312121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.450760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 82504.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92805.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90758.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93075.672691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96517.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90609.203822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101819.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94176.893048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94442.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94158.617021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90298.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95700.230216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99692.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94502.891304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 101405.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92824.754967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89149.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93265.268519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        90896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92656.040816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93839.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93141.689441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103058.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93547.752525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100418.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92723.604396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 105897.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96198.930481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99145.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95359.111732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95930.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92223.145631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93685.211116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93084.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 89931.568182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 87716.104167                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        73260                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90001.377778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 82504.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92805.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90758.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93076.387037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96517.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90609.203822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101819.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94176.893048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94442.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94158.617021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90298.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95700.230216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99692.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94502.891304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 101405.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92824.754967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89149.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93265.268519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        90896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92431.552434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93839.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92651.241055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103058.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93547.752525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100418.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92723.604396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 105897.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96076.914894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99145.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95359.111732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95930.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92223.145631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93572.619425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 82504.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92805.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90758.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93076.387037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96517.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90609.203822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101819.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94176.893048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94442.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94158.617021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90298.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95700.230216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99692.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94502.891304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 101405.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92824.754967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89149.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93265.268519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst        90896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92431.552434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93839.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92651.241055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103058.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93547.752525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100418.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92723.604396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 105897.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96076.914894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99145.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95359.111732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95930.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92223.145631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93572.619425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.090956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.621185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.090956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2346168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2346168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2346168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2346168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2346168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2346168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156411.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156411.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156411.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156411.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156411.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156411.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2137297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2137297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2137297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2137297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2137297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2137297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152664.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152664.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152664.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152664.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152664.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152664.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             290228.506708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.858963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.141037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.393980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.606020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    308774217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    308774217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    308774217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    308774217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    308774217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    308774217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121660.447991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121660.447991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121660.447991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121660.447991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121660.447991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121660.447991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     80457945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80457945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     80457945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80457945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     80457945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80457945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112844.242637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112844.242637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112844.242637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112844.242637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112844.242637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112844.242637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              501.682350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              735399772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1464939.784861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.682350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.020324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       108785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        108785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       108785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         108785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       108785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        108785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2394254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2394254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2394254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2394254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2394254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2394254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       108801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       108801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       108801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       108801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       108801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       108801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149640.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149640.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149640.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149640.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149640.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149640.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2085217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2085217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2085217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2085217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2085217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2085217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160401.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160401.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160401.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160401.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160401.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160401.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  970                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              122588713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             99990.793638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   190.110875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    65.889125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.742621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.257379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        82195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        66463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          135                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          135                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       148658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         148658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       148658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        148658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    301978553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    301978553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     56253742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56253742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    358232295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    358232295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    358232295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    358232295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        84440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        66774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       151214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       151214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004658                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004658                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 134511.604900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134511.604900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 180880.199357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180880.199357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 140153.480047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140153.480047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 140153.480047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140153.480047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1586                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1586                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    111835883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111835883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6799522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6799522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    118635405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118635405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    118635405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118635405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120512.804957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120512.804957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 161893.380952                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161893.380952                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122304.541237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122304.541237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122304.541237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122304.541237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              538.060541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              627180132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1163599.502783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.060541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.019328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         113591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        113591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2272986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2272986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2272986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2272986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2272986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2272986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       113604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       113604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174845.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174845.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174845.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174845.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174845.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174845.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2137286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2137286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2137286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2137286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2137286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2137286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164406.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164406.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164406.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164406.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164406.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164406.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              147679598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             223756.966667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   137.689936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   118.310064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.537851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.462149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       170498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        28714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       199212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         199212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       199212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        199212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    150947083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150947083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    150947083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150947083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    150947083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150947083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       171889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        28714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       200603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       200603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108516.953990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108516.953990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108516.953990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108516.953990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108516.953990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108516.953990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           34                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              34                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42250821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42250821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42250821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42250821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42250821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42250821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104581.240099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104581.240099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104581.240099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104581.240099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104581.240099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104581.240099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              501.334517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              732326638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1441587.870079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.334517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.030985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       111489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       111489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         111489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       111489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        111489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7369798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7369798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7369798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7369798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7369798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7369798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       111521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       111521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       111521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       111521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       111521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 230306.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230306.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 230306.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230306.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 230306.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230306.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6071751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6071751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6071751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6071751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6071751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6071751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 233528.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233528.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 233528.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233528.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 233528.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233528.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  520                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              115427000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             148746.134021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   157.826367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    98.173633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.616509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.383491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        76367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        64246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       140613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         140613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       140613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        140613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           49                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           49                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    227712469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    227712469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5817770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5817770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    233530239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    233530239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    233530239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    233530239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        78092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        64295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       142387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       142387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 132007.228406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132007.228406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       118730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       118730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 131640.495490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131640.495490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 131640.495490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131640.495490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     57985649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57985649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       442605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       442605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58428254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58428254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58428254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58428254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112157.928433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112157.928433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       147535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       147535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112362.026923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112362.026923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112362.026923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112362.026923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              501.342095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              732326620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1441587.834646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.342095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.030997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         111471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        111471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7420406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7420406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7420406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7420406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7420406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7420406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       111505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       111505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 218247.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 218247.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 218247.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218247.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 218247.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218247.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5921198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5921198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5921198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5921198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5921198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5921198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 227738.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227738.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 227738.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227738.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 227738.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227738.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              115427186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             149130.731266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   157.896402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    98.103598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.616783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.383217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        76482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        64319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       140801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         140801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       140801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        140801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    223989415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    223989415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5833854                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5833854                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    229823269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    229823269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    229823269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    229823269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        64370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       142582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       142582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129473.650289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129473.650289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114389.294118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114389.294118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129041.700730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129041.700730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129041.700730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129041.700730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     56698136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56698136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       447700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       447700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     57145836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57145836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     57145836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57145836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109880.108527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109880.108527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149233.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149233.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110107.583815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110107.583815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110107.583815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110107.583815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              488.590211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              731806721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1496537.261759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.590211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       113055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       113055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         113055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       113055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        113055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2745875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2745875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2745875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2745875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2745875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2745875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       113070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       113070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       113070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       113070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       113070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 183058.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183058.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 183058.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183058.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 183058.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183058.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2502646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2502646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2502646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2502646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2502646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2502646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178760.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178760.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178760.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178760.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178760.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178760.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              110531435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             176567.787540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   139.853125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   116.146875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.546301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.453699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        76347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        63642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       139989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         139989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       139989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        139989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    153479539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153479539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    153479539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    153479539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    153479539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    153479539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        77575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        63642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       141217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       141217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124983.337948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124983.337948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124983.337948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124983.337948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124983.337948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124983.337948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38570310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38570310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38570310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38570310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38570310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38570310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104244.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104244.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104244.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104244.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104244.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104244.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.340842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              732326680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1441587.952756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.340842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.030995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       111531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       111531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         111531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       111531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        111531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7629455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7629455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7629455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7629455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7629455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7629455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       111565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       111565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       111565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       111565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       111565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 224395.735294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224395.735294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 224395.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224395.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 224395.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224395.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6163924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6163924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6163924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6163924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6163924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6163924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       237074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       237074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       237074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       237074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       237074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       237074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  520                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              115427033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             148746.176546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   157.833895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    98.166105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.616539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.383461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        76381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        64266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         140647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        140647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    226076091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    226076091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6214384                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6214384                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    232290475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    232290475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    232290475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    232290475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       142423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       142423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.022085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131058.603478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131058.603478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121850.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121850.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130794.186374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130794.186374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130794.186374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130794.186374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57212628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57212628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       569148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       569148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57781776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57781776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57781776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57781776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110662.723404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110662.723404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       189716                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       189716                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111118.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111118.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111118.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111118.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              538.046704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              627180221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1163599.667904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.046704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.019306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       113680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       113680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         113680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       113680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        113680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2348281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2348281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2348281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2348281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2348281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2348281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       113693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       113693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       113693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       113693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       113693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       180637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       180637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       180637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       180637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       180637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       180637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2213181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2213181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2213181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2213181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2213181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2213181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170244.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170244.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170244.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170244.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170244.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170244.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              147679663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             223757.065152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   137.781741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   118.218259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.538210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.461790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       170635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       199277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         199277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       199277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        199277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    149669914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149669914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    149669914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    149669914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    149669914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    149669914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       172018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        28642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       200660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       200660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108221.195951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108221.195951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108221.195951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108221.195951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108221.195951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108221.195951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     41914367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41914367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     41914367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41914367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     41914367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41914367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103748.433168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103748.433168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103748.433168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103748.433168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103748.433168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103748.433168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              556.089666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750118391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1346711.653501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.089666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       110559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       110559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         110559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       110559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        110559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2488274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2488274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2488274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2488274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2488274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2488274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       110574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       110574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       110574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       110574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       110574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165884.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165884.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165884.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165884.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165884.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165884.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2273243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2273243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2273243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2273243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2273243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2273243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162374.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162374.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162374.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162374.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162374.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162374.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              281231176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             292036.527518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   100.842571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   155.157429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.393916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.606084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       280580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       152837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       433417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         433417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       433417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        433417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    311028286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311028286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    311028286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    311028286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    311028286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    311028286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       283093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       152837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       435930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       435930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123767.722244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123767.722244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123767.722244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123767.722244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123767.722244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123767.722244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     80431851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80431851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     80431851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80431851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     80431851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80431851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113764.994342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113764.994342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113764.994342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113764.994342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113764.994342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113764.994342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              501.682074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              735399898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1464940.035857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.682074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.020324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       108911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        108911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       108911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         108911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       108911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        108911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2344220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2344220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2344220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2344220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2344220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2344220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       108927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       108927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       108927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       108927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       108927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       108927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146513.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146513.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146513.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 146513.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146513.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 146513.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2048675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2048675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2048675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2048675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2048675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2048675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157590.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157590.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157590.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157590.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157590.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157590.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  973                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              122588941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             99746.900732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   189.937392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    66.062608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.741943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.258057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        82273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        66615                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66615                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       148888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         148888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       148888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        148888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    299382472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299382472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57904174                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57904174                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    357286646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    357286646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    357286646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    357286646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        84489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        66947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       151436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       151436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.026228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 135100.393502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135100.393502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 174410.162651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174410.162651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 140222.388540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140222.388540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 140222.388540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140222.388540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    110430046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110430046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6914538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6914538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    117344584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117344584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    117344584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117344584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118869.801938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118869.801938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 157148.590909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157148.590909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120600.805755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120600.805755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120600.805755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120600.805755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.677535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              735400151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1464940.539841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.677535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.020317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       109164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        109164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       109164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         109164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       109164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        109164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2374118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2374118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2374118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2374118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2374118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2374118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       109180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       109180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       109180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       109180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       109180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148382.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148382.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148382.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148382.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148382.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148382.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2099428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2099428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2099428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2099428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2099428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2099428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161494.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161494.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161494.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161494.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161494.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161494.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  971                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              122588630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             99909.233904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   189.888809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    66.111191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.741753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.258247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        82148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        66430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       148578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         148578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       148578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        148578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    293698920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293698920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     62970696                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62970696                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    356669616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    356669616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    356669616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    356669616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        84334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        66777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       151111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       151111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.025921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005196                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005196                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.016763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.016763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 134354.492223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134354.492223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 181471.746398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181471.746398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 140809.165417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140809.165417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 140809.165417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140809.165417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110384295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110384295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7681534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7681534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    118065829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118065829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    118065829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118065829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000719                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000719                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119592.952329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119592.952329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 160031.958333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160031.958333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121591.996910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121591.996910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121591.996910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121591.996910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              501.326244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              732326484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1441587.566929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.326244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.030972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       111335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       111335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         111335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       111335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        111335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6495292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6495292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6495292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6495292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6495292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6495292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       111369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       111369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       111369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       111369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       111369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       191038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       191038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       191038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       191038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       191038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       191038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5197799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5197799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5197799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5197799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5197799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5197799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199915.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199915.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199915.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199915.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199915.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199915.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  517                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              115427086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             149323.526520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   157.765053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    98.234947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.616270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.383730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        76460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        64237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         140697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        140697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    227139422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    227139422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6509996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6509996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    233649418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    233649418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    233649418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    233649418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        78179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       142467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       142467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132134.625945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132134.625945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 127646.980392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127646.980392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132005.320904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132005.320904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132005.320904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132005.320904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     58408374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58408374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       480003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       480003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     58888377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58888377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     58888377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58888377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113634.968872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113634.968872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       160001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       160001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113904.017408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113904.017408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113904.017408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113904.017408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.347854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              732326713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1441588.017717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.347854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.031006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       111564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       111564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         111564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       111564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        111564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7722561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7722561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7722561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7722561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7722561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7722561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       111598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       111598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       111598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       111598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       111598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 227134.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227134.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 227134.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227134.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 227134.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227134.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6137950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6137950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6137950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6137950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6137950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6137950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       236075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       236075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       236075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       236075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       236075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       236075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  521                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              115427412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             148555.227799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   157.922179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    98.077821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.616884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.383116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        76597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        64425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       141022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         141022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       141022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        141022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1778                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1778                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    223027314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    223027314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5920738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5920738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228948052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    228948052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228948052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    228948052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        64476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       142800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       142800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 129141.467284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129141.467284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116092.901961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116092.901961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 128767.183352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128767.183352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 128767.183352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128767.183352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     55555480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55555480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       445169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       445169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56000649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56000649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56000649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56000649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107249.961390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107249.961390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 148389.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148389.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107486.850288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107486.850288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107486.850288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107486.850288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              501.333021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              732326554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1441587.704724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.333021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.030982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       111405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       111405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         111405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       111405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        111405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7499120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7499120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7499120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7499120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7499120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7499120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       111439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       111439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       111439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       111439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       111439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 220562.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 220562.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 220562.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220562.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 220562.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220562.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6023674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6023674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6023674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6023674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6023674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6023674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 231679.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231679.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 231679.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231679.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 231679.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231679.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  521                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              115427072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             148554.790219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   157.809345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    98.190655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.616443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.383557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        76449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        64237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       140686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         140686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       140686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        140686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    226182346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    226182346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7803756                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7803756                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    233986102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    233986102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    233986102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    233986102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        78169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        64288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       142457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       142457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.022004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131501.363953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131501.363953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 153014.823529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153014.823529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 132120.893281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132120.893281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 132120.893281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132120.893281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     57957931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57957931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       725628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       725628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     58683559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58683559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     58683559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58683559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112104.315280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112104.315280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       181407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       181407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112636.389635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112636.389635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112636.389635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112636.389635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.356122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              732326766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1441588.122047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.356122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.031019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       111617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       111617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         111617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       111617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        111617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7611631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7611631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7611631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7611631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7611631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7611631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       111651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       111651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       111651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       111651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       111651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 223871.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223871.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 223871.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223871.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 223871.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223871.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6111429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6111429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6111429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6111429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6111429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6111429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 235054.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235054.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 235054.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235054.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 235054.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235054.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  521                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              115427440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             148555.263835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   157.996493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    98.003507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.617174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.382826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        76596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        64454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       141050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         141050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       141050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        141050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    223541196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    223541196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6851545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6851545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    230392741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    230392741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    230392741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    230392741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        78333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       142838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       142838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.022175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128693.837651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128693.837651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 134344.019608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134344.019608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128855.000559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128855.000559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128855.000559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128855.000559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55378801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55378801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       564715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       564715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55943516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55943516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55943516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55943516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106908.882239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106908.882239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 188238.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188238.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107377.190019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107377.190019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107377.190019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107377.190019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              476.024391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              735275331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1519163.907025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.024391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.033693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.762860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       114490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       114490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         114490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       114490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        114490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6066967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6066967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6066967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6066967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6066967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6066967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       114530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       114530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       114530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       114530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       114530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151674.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151674.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151674.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151674.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151674.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151674.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4606814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4606814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4606814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4606814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4606814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4606814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158855.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158855.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158855.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158855.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158855.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158855.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  330                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              106621437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             181947.844710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   124.152724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   131.847276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.484972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.515028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        89607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        65784                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65784                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       155391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         155391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       155391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        155391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     90430263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90430263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       503844                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       503844                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     90934107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     90934107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     90934107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     90934107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        90462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        65791                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65791                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       156253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       156253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105766.389474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105766.389474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 71977.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71977.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105492.003480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105492.003480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105492.003480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105492.003480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     31736363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31736363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       133175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     31869538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31869538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     31869538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31869538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96757.204268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96757.204268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66587.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66587.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96574.357576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96574.357576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96574.357576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96574.357576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
