
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.101487                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                101487422955                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               627674407719                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 226497                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   286130                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1315534                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67610236                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 77145.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17473231878                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22073614566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1328128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3572992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1738112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1358976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      3947904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1748608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3978880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      3543936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2418944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1738112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      3542656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2394880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2388096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3958144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1333504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2397440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             41468160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11016704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11016704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        10376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        27914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        13579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        10617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        30843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        13661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        31085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        27687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        18898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        13579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        27677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        18710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        18657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        30923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        10418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        18730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                323970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           86068                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                86068                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        46666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13086627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35206254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        51711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17126378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        46666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13390585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        49188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     38900426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        51711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17229800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39205646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        51711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     34919953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        49188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23834914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        51711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17126378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     34907340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23597801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     23530955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        51711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39001325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13139599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     23623026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               408603931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        46666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        51711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        46666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        49188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        51711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        51711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        49188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        51711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42882                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        51711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             776924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         108552407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              108552407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         108552407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        46666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13086627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        47927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35206254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        51711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17126378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        46666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13390585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        49188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     38900426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        51711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17229800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39205646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        51711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     34919953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        49188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23834914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        51711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17126378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        47927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     34907340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23597801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        47927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     23530955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        51711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39001325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        50450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13139599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        41621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     23623026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              517156338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22058139                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18364473                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2001408                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8486452                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8083035                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374071                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93199                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191885298                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120981160                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22058139                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10457106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25226201                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5571163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6526144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11913925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913415                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    227189210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      201963009     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1548150      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1952615      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3094187      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1309040      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1687977      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1948442      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         891879      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12793911      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    227189210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090634                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497097                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190754256                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      7765937                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25106214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11775                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3551026                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3358764                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          542                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147897620                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2242                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3551026                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190947847                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        620557                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      6604232                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24924280                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541264                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146985814                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77933                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205268004                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683561251                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683561251                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33381470                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35617                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18569                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1903900                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13766560                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7200165                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81377                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143503234                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35748                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137730164                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126641                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17325167                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35190856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1357                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227189210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168828438     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26613825     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889655      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6098957      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8263850      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2540200      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2501999      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346524      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105762      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227189210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938675     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129255     10.86%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122804     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116032140     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883067      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12619734      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178176      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137730164                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565917                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190734                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008645                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503966912                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160864814                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134142853                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138920898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2594626                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100829                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           97                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3551026                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        472379                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59476                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143538987                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113528                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13766560                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200165                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18570                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51876                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182663                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126850                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2309513                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135327000                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415117                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2403163                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19592429                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19141293                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7177312                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.556043                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134143410                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134142853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80387150                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215917062                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.551177                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372306                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20316240                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2018531                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223638184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171485843     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26432356     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592298      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4781512      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4374024      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835776      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1819249      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865661      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451465      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223638184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451465                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          364725562                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290630152                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2908119                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16185906                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.433751                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.433751                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410888                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410888                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608914166                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187440867                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136778103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19717996                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16124571                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1924921                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8360472                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7802322                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030408                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85782                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191459699                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            111831096                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19717996                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9832730                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23450792                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5565880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3369026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11770618                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1940010                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    221878354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      198427562     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1272887      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2011485      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3189195      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1333209      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1499999      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1575451      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1031329      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11537237      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    221878354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081019                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459501                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      189712746                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5130142                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23377317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        59793                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3598354                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3233835                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          459                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    136581735                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2943                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3598354                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      189994452                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1659699                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2650838                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23160629                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       814380                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    136502025                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        26111                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       236133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       303645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        38589                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    189495453                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    634999485                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    634999485                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    162010218                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       27485233                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        34809                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19140                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2457940                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13016757                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6992574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212236                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1588990                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        136312628                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34906                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       129107364                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17151582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37999811                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3309                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221878354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167431938     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21856261      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11952951      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8142015      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7614727      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2201454      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698674      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581738      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398596      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221878354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30228     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93569     38.73%     51.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117767     48.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108157563     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2037750      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15664      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11937029      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6959358      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    129107364                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530487                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            241564                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480492928                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153500512                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127042529                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    129348928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       391062                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2323834                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          341                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1425                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195006                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8057                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3598354                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1105489                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116412                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136347671                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53291                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13016757                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6992574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86172                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1425                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1125531                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1095740                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2221271                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127280411                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11228485                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1826953                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18186192                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17910602                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6957707                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522980                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            127043512                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           127042529                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        74282165                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       194063548                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522003                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382772                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95164299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    116647262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19700609                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1965654                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218280000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170927214     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22929443     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8928298      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4810995      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3605591      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2011743      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1238505      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1109559      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2718652      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218280000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     95164299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    116647262                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             17490491                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10692923                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15764                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16744205                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       105107951                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2369690                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2718652                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          351908582                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         276294315                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3087514                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              21496762                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          95164299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           116647262                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     95164299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.557420                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.557420                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.391019                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.391019                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      574005771                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     176103043                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     127388011                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        31568                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20059011                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16412227                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1959121                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8211513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7886481                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2073352                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193204869                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            112202809                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20059011                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9959833                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23409814                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5353805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      4600242                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11819334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1961285                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    224584115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      201174301     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1086978      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1727876      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2348215      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2414592      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2043732      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1142752      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1706228      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10939441      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    224584115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082420                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461028                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      191239594                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6582051                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23368125                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        25525                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3368819                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3302495                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    137677164                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1965                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3368819                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      191759205                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1354721                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      4027310                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22880864                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1193193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    137634364                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       162817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       520260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    192058317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    640295244                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    640295244                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    166527484                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       25530769                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        34016                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17646                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3570269                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12874270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6982745                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82151                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1712785                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        137481648                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34140                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       130564201                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17894                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15188839                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36381638                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224584115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169300338     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22763309     10.14%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11513890      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8673624      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6818064      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2754521      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1735497      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904579      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120293      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224584115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24674     11.39%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79457     36.68%     48.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112487     51.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109811465     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1950605      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16368      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11825274      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6960489      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    130564201                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.536473                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216618                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485947025                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152705165                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128607061                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    130780819                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       263442                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2055897                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          165                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          540                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100362                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3368819                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1083034                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116893                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137515930                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12874270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6982745                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17648                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98790                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          540                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1139876                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1100567                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2240443                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128761856                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11126341                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1802341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18086562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18296152                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6960221                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.529067                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            128607285                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           128607061                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        73823778                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       198927748                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.528431                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371108                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97074619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    119449297                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18066626                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33019                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1983881                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221215296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172188273     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24314602     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9168503      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4376266      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3702939      1.67%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2116232      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1837129      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       837615      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2673737      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221215296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     97074619                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    119449297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17700748                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10818369                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16472                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17224640                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       107622511                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2459723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2673737                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          356056806                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         278400769                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2926920                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              18791001                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          97074619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           119449297                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     97074619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.507093                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.507093                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398868                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398868                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      579521547                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     179143863                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     127634523                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        32990                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       22065148                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18365820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1999636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8460107                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8078687                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375178                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92827                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191851060                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            121009315                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          22065148                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10453865                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25227870                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5570631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      6562023                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11910925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911238                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    227193801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      201965931     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1549187      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1946090      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3094169      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1308038      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1684800      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1950359      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         897995      0.40%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12797232      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    227193801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090663                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.497213                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      190720652                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      7801321                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25107709                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        11813                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3552304                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3364368                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          544                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    147944079                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2603                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3552304                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      190913967                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        618583                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      6642589                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24926246                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       540108                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    147032602                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        77348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       377048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    205316723                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    683750763                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    683750763                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    171899100                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       33417621                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18504                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1899700                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13777187                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7207258                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81094                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1639712                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        143559367                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35684                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       137770485                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       131082                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17343602                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35289790                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1293                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227193801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168822252     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26611686     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10895202      4.80%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6100577      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8264775      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2546745      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500235      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346203      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106126      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227193801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939463     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130339     10.93%     89.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122786     10.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116056008     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883334      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17048      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12628641      9.17%     94.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7185454      5.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    137770485                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.566083                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1192588                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504058440                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160939310                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134179203                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    138963073                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102385                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2604422                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          659                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107404                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3552304                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        470809                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59456                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143595057                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13777187                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7207258                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18505                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51970                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          659                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179323                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1128646                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2307969                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135368696                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12420823                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2401788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           19605616                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19148927                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7184793                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.556214                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            134179668                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           134179203                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        80395464                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       215955289                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.551327                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100007271                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    123232335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20363263                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2016756                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223641497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171489518     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26429595     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9594863      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4780633      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4373914      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1834990      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818500      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866363      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2453121      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223641497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100007271                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    123232335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18272615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11172765                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17862252                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       110949224                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2544728                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2453121                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          364783272                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         290743523                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2904921                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              16181315                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100007271                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           123232335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100007271                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.433574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.433574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.410918                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.410918                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      609075689                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     187483334                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     136813791                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18907610                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17060748                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       995840                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8085823                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6775907                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047517                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44321                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200701504                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            118942641                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18907610                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7823424                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23531121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3110141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4807835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11523054                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1001173                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    231129720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      207598599     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         842694      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1716737      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         724419      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3914503      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3484291      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         681918      0.30%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1407323      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10759236      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    231129720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077689                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      199576482                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5944979                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23444813                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        74682                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2088759                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1659565                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          501                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    139481069                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2726                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2088759                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      199777503                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       4288204                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1022263                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23332003                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       620983                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    139408974                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       265570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       223788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5891                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    163677461                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    656653675                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    656653675                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    145319051                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       18358398                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        16182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1561158                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     32917180                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     16653357                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152024                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       805121                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        139141083                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16232                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       133889005                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69573                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10600832                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25193620                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           75                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231129720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183549701     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14252696      6.17%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11699036      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5051804      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6398400      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6205346      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3520575      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       278251      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173911      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231129720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338503     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2641653     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76647      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83985933     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1167758      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8016      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32111220     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16616078     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    133889005                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550134                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3056803                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502034106                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149761573                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132746232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    136945808                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       242528                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1262314                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          560                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3433                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102174                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11858                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2088759                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       3933218                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       175124                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139157402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1378                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32917180                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16653357                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8166                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       118812                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          105                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3433                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       583951                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       582449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1166400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132950829                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32002102                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       938176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           48616551                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17418871                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         16614449                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.546279                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            132750368                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           132746232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        71691159                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       141201979                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.545439                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507721                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107863250                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    126757063                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12412993                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16157                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1017885                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229040961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183089754     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16755047      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7869244      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7776927      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2115615      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9053133      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676360      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492586      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1212295      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229040961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    107863250                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    126757063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             48206042                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            31654859                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8066                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16738998                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       112717395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1227756                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1212295                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          366998397                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         280429141                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4404875                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              12245396                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         107863250                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           126757063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    107863250                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.256330                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.256330                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443198                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443198                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      657318421                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     154154660                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     166133809                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16132                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20065840                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16418390                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1958253                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8240303                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7890963                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2073271                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89350                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193174700                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            112248800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20065840                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9964234                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23427107                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5352439                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4599767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11818292                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1960090                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    224570268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      201143161     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1093447      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1736505      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2349225      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2413703      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2044560      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1142246      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1697215      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10950206      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    224570268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082448                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461217                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      191208342                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6582876                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23384967                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        25759                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3368323                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3302985                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    137722974                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1984                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3368323                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      191733016                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1357479                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      4024199                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        22892798                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1194450                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    137674725                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       163029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       520848                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    192125659                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    640493088                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    640493088                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    166559996                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       25565663                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        34136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17764                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3577161                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12876480                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6984979                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81969                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1724361                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        137507856                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34258                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       130578426                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17871                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15201976                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36428210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1234                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224570268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169263758     75.37%     75.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22787976     10.15%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11520111      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8667109      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6813958      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2755948      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737084      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       903767      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120557      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224570268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24800     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79473     36.69%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112309     51.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109818228     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1951579      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16371      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11829256      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6962992      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    130578426                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.536532                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216582                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485961573                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152744623                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128622936                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    130795008                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       267470                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2055990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          131                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101272                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3368323                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1085280                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116869                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137542255                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        43947                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12876480                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6984979                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98862                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1139178                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1101333                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2240511                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128779588                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11132311                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1798838                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18095039                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18299661                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6962728                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529140                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            128623154                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           128622936                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        73835867                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       198949420                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528497                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97093534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    119472628                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18069653                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33024                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1983013                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221201945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172151821     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24333533     11.00%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9171166      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4373721      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3711521      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2116246      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1833399      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       836412      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2674126      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221201945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     97093534                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    119472628                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17704197                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10820490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16474                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17228043                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       107643496                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2460203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2674126                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          356069424                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         278452945                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2925341                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              18804848                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          97093534                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           119472628                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     97093534                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.506605                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.506605                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398946                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398946                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      579608689                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     179169912                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     127686620                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        32996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18928088                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17079107                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       989502                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7166789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6768352                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047663                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44145                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200694787                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            119086387                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18928088                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      7816015                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23546645                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       3105966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      4833126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11517240                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       994486                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    231166220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      207619575     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         839595      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1715097      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         724260      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        3917141      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3481988      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         677424      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1413029      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10778111      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    231166220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077773                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.489312                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      199561881                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5978239                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23460243                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        74695                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2091157                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1661969                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    139636532                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2783                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2091157                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      199765564                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       4312148                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1027986                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23345394                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       623966                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    139564413                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           98                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       265999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       226125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3648                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    163844172                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    657382742                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    657382742                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    145462184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       18381982                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16226                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1573321                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     32939508                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     16667219                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152191                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       804509                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        139298255                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16276                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       133985790                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69794                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10655284                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25509353                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231166220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183581561     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14233648      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11696910      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5053214      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6409776      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6212381      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3527729      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276711      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174290      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231166220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339116     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2644436     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76625      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84039572     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1171036      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8024      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32136530     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16630628     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    133985790                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.550532                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3060177                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502267771                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149973248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132846548                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    137045967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241563                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1254015                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          546                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3443                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100011                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11864                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2091157                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       3959127                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       177078                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139314615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1393                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32939508                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16667219                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120514                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3443                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       577269                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583085                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1160354                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133051663                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32027188                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       934127                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           48656491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17432833                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         16629303                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.546694                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            132850715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           132846548                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        71738515                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       141309766                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.545851                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107969019                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    126881392                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12446573                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1011307                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229075063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183085047     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16768001      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7872930      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7786431      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2115966      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9061483      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       675945      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492791      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1216469      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229075063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    107969019                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    126881392                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             48252693                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            31685490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8074                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16755481                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       112827937                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1228982                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1216469                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          367186234                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         280747324                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4400626                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              12208896                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         107969019                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           126881392                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    107969019                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.254120                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.254120                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443632                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443632                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      657797424                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     154261945                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     166315821                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19721938                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16127578                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1924458                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8358531                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7804416                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031785                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85815                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191527441                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            111852785                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19721938                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9836201                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23457086                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5564220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3355884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11773464                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1939517                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    221937986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      198480900     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1273402      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2013206      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3190708      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1333770      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1498957      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1576856      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1031329      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11538858      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    221937986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081035                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.459590                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      189784076                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5113391                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23383949                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        59475                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3597093                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3234776                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    136608115                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2936                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3597093                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      190064525                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1657603                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2637187                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23168362                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       813214                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    136530159                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        25673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       236156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       302860                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39034                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    189541645                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    635136087                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    635136087                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    162070690                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       27470950                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        34775                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2449632                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13021337                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6994968                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212247                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1589936                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        136341853                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34872                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       129150901                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158491                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17131707                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37944350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3266                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221937986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167468649     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21864758      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11962539      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8144580      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7617208      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2201140      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1699449      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581205      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398458      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221937986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30179     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93346     38.71%     51.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117597     48.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108191220     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039037      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15670      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11942842      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6962132      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    129150901                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530666                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            241122                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480639398                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153509832                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127084092                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    129392023                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       392363                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2324493                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          365                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1427                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       194896                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8017                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3597093                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1103582                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116769                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136376857                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13021337                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6994968                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19087                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86384                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1427                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1126504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1095184                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2221688                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127321831                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11233093                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1829067                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18193691                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17918395                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6960598                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523151                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            127085045                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           127084092                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        74307606                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       194118524                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522174                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95199671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    116690630                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19686417                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31606                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1965259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218340893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170967222     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22941402     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8933402      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4811133      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3607071      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2012189      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1239399      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1109198      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2719877      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218340893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     95199671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    116690630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             17496913                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10696844                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15768                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16750437                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       105146993                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2370560                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2719877                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          351997426                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         276351394                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3088324                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              21437130                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          95199671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           116690630                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     95199671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.556470                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.556470                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.391164                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.391164                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      574192649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     176163208                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     127416387                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        31578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19768635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16214062                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1940068                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8297315                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7738153                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030639                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87501                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188921990                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            112305877                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19768635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9768792                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24718816                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5483621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6284719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11635188                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1924483                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    223439004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      198720188     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2681004      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3109115      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1707794      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1959699      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1084531      0.49%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         736476      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1909435      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11530762      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    223439004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081227                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461452                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      187390217                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7845560                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24512121                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       195773                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3495331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3205525                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        18151                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    137092862                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        89914                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3495331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      187688358                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2791836                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4217143                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24422037                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       824297                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    137009910                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       210524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       384819                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           62                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    190453011                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    637913381                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    637913381                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    162909161                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27543837                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        36170                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20276                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2203801                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13076936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7126917                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       188096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1577257                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        136814835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36267                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       129415815                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       176773                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16877996                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38869705                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4266                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223439004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168885584     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21956578      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11798973      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8151889      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7125946      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3639634      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       885870      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       567790      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       426740      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223439004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34703     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118052     42.28%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126488     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108337063     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2021840      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15865      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11963931      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7077116      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    129415815                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531755                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279243                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482726648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153730327                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127273916                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    129695058                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       327681                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2282251                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          794                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1231                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       142577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7933                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3495331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2317797                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       140754                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136851226                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        45901                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13076936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7126917                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20283                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100296                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1231                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1130604                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1082818                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2213422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127507448                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11240754                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1908365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 124                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18316252                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17850746                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7075498                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523913                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            127276100                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           127273916                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        75654423                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       198082561                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381934                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95665018                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    117369414                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19483180                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32001                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1951196                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219943673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171998011     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22231237     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9317390      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5601447      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3876807      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2505826      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1297397      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1046148      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2069410      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219943673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     95665018                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    117369414                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17779022                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10794682                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16797526                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       105813296                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2387890                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2069410                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          354726207                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         277200604                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2893764                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19936112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          95665018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           117369414                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     95665018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.544035                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.544035                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393076                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393076                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      575219499                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     176661089                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     127967230                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        31970                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20068084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16419794                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1958139                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8215185                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7889290                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2073152                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193193531                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            112249955                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20068084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9962442                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23420263                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5351662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      4607796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11818881                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1960154                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    224589608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      201169345     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1087320      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1729995      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2349079      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2416936      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        2045313      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1142886      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1702117      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10946617      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    224589608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082457                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461222                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      191226951                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      6590891                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23378530                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        25588                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3367647                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3303807                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    137731348                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3367647                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      191748078                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1360660                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      4027117                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        22889521                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles      1196582                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    137687656                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       163480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       521552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    192136434                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    640534926                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    640534926                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    166588520                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       25547892                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        34086                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17710                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         3578090                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12877726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6985294                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82764                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1687887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        137535345                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34208                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       130610995                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17902                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15199651                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36402266                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1177                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224589608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169309555     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22743553     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11510980      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8680810      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6826638      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2756542      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1736944      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904562      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120024      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224589608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24934     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79484     36.69%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112202     51.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109849323     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1951763      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16374      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11829928      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6963607      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    130610995                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.536665                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216620                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    486046120                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152769746                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128657111                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    130827615                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268243                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2055401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          131                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          544                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100399                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3367647                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1088530                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116608                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137569695                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10261                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12877726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6985294                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17711                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98645                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          544                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1138633                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1102404                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2241037                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128812045                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11132300                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1798950                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18095650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18303204                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6963350                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.529274                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            128657331                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           128657111                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        73851751                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       199001091                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.528637                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371112                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97110187                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    119493054                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18076667                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33031                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1982908                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221221961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172194708     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24306634     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9173353      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4378410      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3694188      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114853      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1844422      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       836209      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2679184      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221221961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     97110187                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    119493054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             17707220                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10822325                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17230958                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       107661927                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2460623                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2679184                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          356111822                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         278507158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2926256                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              18785508                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          97110187                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           119493054                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     97110187                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.506175                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.506175                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.399014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.399014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      579751492                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     179215673                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     127689706                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19719697                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16126278                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1924933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8364196                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7805334                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030858                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85737                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191500946                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            111838831                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19719697                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9836192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23456563                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5566672                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3355691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11772758                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1940076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    221912728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      198456165     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1274325      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2014713      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3190644      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1333646      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1497934      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1576351      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1031520      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11537430      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    221912728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081026                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459533                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      189756916                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5113615                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23383534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        59615                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3599046                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3233877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    136595270                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3599046                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      190036919                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1657795                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2638763                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23168829                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       811374                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    136517627                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        25437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       235977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       302568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        38318                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    189525732                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    635074563                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    635074563                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    162028325                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       27497407                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        34802                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2448761                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13021509                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6993794                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211928                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1587353                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        136327314                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34893                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       129125664                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158627                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17150973                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37998191                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3296                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221912728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167453602     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21860702      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11959208      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8146544      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7613087      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2201531      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698139      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581243      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398672      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221912728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30197     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93263     38.68%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117640     48.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108168034     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039155      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15666      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11942117      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6960692      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    129125664                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530562                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            241100                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480563783                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153514590                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127059371                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    129366764                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       391551                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2327454                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          316                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1436                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195493                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8028                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3599046                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1101780                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116586                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136362342                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52382                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13021509                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6993794                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86198                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1436                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1127736                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1094692                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2222428                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127297617                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11231697                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1828047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18190822                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17915176                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6959125                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523051                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            127060397                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           127059371                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        74291537                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       194077551                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522072                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382793                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95174788                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    116660139                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19702402                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1965748                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218313682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170951215     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22934922     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8932512      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4811121      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3605354      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2011761      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1239190      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1109387      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2718220      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218313682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     95174788                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    116660139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             17492356                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10694055                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             15764                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         16746043                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       105119540                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2369944                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2718220                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          351957366                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         276324310                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3087986                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              21462388                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          95174788                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           116660139                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     95174788                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.557139                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.557139                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391062                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391062                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      574080361                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     176130681                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     127399733                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        31568                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18484371                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16497660                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1469517                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12248260                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12049847                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1109698                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44439                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195213202                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            104973261                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18484371                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13159545                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23396585                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4826624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2964359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11808231                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1442448                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    224922975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      201526390     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3563328      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1800063      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3523837      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1132725      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3261343      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         515164      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         838611      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        8761514      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    224922975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075950                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431323                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      192823345                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5398834                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23350511                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        18759                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3331522                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1752566                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17309                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    117440758                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        32796                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3331522                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      193089557                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3271976                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1309670                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23104438                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       815808                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    117272399                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        91412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       654607                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    153699061                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    531505771                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    531505771                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    124662710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       29036350                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        15756                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7973                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1764563                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     21129735                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3441702                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21777                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       784968                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        116665327                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15811                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       109253379                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70719                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21038227                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43062876                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224922975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176993770     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15147222      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15989855      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9307672      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4794778      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1203234      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1425097      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33209      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28138      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224922975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183407     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74951     23.41%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61803     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85683704     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856813      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7783      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19292615     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3412464      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    109253379                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.448909                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320161                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443820613                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137719635                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106486468                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    109573540                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86634                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4295346                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          278                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        84140                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3331522                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2213380                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       100458                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116681212                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8302                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21129735                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3441702                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7970                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39374                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2235                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          278                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       990809                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568055                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1558864                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107869210                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19017484                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1384169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  74                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           22429768                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16397415                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3412284                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.443222                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            106510690                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           106486468                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        64425173                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       140390274                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437540                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458901                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84812619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     95496102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21189849                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15697                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1460268                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221591453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186033532     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13971407      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8975212      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2826230      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4686943      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915052      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580470      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531127      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3071480      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221591453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     84812619                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     95496102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20191951                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            16834389                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         14651420                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        83458573                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1195246                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3071480                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          335205612                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         236706044                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4336906                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              18452141                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          84812619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            95496102                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     84812619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.869563                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.869563                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.348485                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.348485                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      501382629                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     138753996                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     124711963                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        15682                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19780532                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16221327                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1941199                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8278924                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7737265                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2032584                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87358                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188979636                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            112388241                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19780532                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9769849                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24732860                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5495867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6213776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11640523                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1925761                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    223450823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      198717963     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        2684212      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        3105983      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        1707109      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1957894      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1086274      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         736910      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1912848      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11541630      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    223450823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081276                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461790                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      187442592                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      7779719                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24526472                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       195610                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3506428                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3210076                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        18126                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    137204102                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        89619                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3506428                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      187742038                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2783294                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      4157358                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24434795                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       826908                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    137121158                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       211658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       385598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    190593171                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    638431106                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    638431106                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    162934404                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       27658756                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        36169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20254                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2208342                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13095105                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7133767                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1577899                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        136924443                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36220                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       129488035                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       181170                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16964602                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39104412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4215                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223450823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168876619     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21959246      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11800499      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8160208      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7128384      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3644330      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       886204      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       567907      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       427426      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223450823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34646     12.38%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119609     42.73%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125682     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108388712     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2022787      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15868      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11978137      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7082531      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    129488035                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.532051                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279937                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482888000                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153926483                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127334738                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    129767972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       326120                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2298731                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          763                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1222                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       148335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7934                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3506428                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2308976                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141724                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136960778                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50088                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13095105                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7133767                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20235                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100259                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1222                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1129800                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1084736                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2214536                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127573664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11248334                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1914371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 115                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18329250                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17857451                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7080916                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.524185                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            127336905                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           127334738                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        75687045                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       198186664                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.523204                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381898                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95679857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    117387691                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19574347                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32005                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1952420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219944395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171993159     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22235230     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9317379      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5603100      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3873926      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2506571      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296877      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1046642      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2071511      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219944395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     95679857                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    117387691                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             17781801                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10796369                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             15968                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16800166                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       105829777                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2388273                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2071511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          354834272                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         277430583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2895446                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19924293                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          95679857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           117387691                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     95679857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.543640                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.543640                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.393137                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.393137                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      575500105                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     176740827                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     128056801                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        31974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18932182                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17083650                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       990934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7163050                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6767902                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047059                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200704964                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            119105558                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18932182                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      7814961                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23551152                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3110873                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4836688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11518849                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       996013                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    231188001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932172                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      207636849     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         840207      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1714360      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         726569      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        3916839      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3482357      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         677347      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1412760      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10780713      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    231188001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077790                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.489391                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      199576772                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5977086                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23464551                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        74900                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2094687                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1661619                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    139661341                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2796                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2094687                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      199780149                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       4310448                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1029708                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23350211                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       622793                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    139588686                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           84                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       266125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       225717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3308                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    163877661                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    657486809                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    657486809                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    145461270                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       18416379                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        16212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1571239                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     32942770                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     16666905                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       808539                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        139316343                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16261                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       133989583                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70014                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10674578                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25570752                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231188001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183599746     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14236420      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11696131      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5055520      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6410210      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6211790      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3526935      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277051      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174198      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231188001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339409     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2644205     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76601      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84043421     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170560      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8024      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32137134     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16630444     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    133989583                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.550548                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3060215                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502297396                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150010609                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132848901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    137049798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241253                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1257670                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          534                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3434                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99897                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2094687                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       3957689                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       177677                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139332692                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32942770                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16666905                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       121090                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           79                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3434                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578577                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583756                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1162333                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133054329                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32027899                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       935254                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           48657052                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17432712                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         16629153                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.546705                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            132853186                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           132848901                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        71739624                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       141320669                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.545861                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507637                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107968148                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    126880401                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12465947                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1012685                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229093314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183102332     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16769068      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7873283      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7785555      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2116924      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9060889      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676552      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       493039      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1215672      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229093314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    107968148                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    126880401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             48252101                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            31685093                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8074                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16755361                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       112827066                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1228982                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1215672                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          367223665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         280787630                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4400862                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              12187115                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         107968148                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           126880401                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    107968148                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.254138                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.254138                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.443629                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.443629                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      657809346                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     154265977                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     166335342                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        16148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22064362                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18366214                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000178                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8462449                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8080307                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375164                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92981                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191877103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            121012042                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22064362                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10455471                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25227769                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5573660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      6547708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11912902                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911897                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    227207890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      201980121     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1547745      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1945294      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3093228      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1310333      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1686491      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1950560      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         896734      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12797384      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    227207890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.497224                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      190747189                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      7786360                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25107787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        11788                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3554764                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3363226                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    147951344                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2246                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3554764                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      190940333                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        618881                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      6627729                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24926605                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       539574                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    147041011                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        77521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       376828                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    205318737                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    683799202                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    683799202                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171887924                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       33430805                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35625                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18577                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1897453                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13780184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7207671                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81212                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1631285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143557562                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35759                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       137762628                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       129964                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17348390                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35323579                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1368                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227207890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168844480     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26605798     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889305      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6102119      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8269176      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2546054      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2497907      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346961      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106090      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227207890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938188     78.74%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130453     10.95%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122838     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116049549     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883041      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12627660      9.17%     94.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7185331      5.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    137762628                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.566051                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191479                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008649                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504054589                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160942371                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134170483                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    138954107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2608153                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          661                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       108286                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           21                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3554764                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        471164                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59627                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143593327                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112903                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13780184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7207671                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18578                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52035                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          661                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180771                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1127961                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2308732                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135359709                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12420485                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2402919                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19605132                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19145674                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7184647                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.556177                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            134170938                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           134170483                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        80390556                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       215949646                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.551291                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    123224297                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20369625                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2017315                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223653126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171508006     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26425857     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592243      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4778104      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4374730      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835833      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1819576      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866115      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452662      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223653126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100000809                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    123224297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18271413                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11172028                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17861058                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110942004                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2544556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2452662                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          364793684                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290742631                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2906147                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              16167226                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100000809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           123224297                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100000809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.433731                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.433731                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.410892                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.410892                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      609043155                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     187467829                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     136816495                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              243375116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18487420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16498671                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1468458                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12266040                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12047964                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1109682                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44250                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195206900                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            104993478                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18487420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     13157646                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23398446                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       4825781                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2973624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles           19                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           51                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11807063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441483                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    224928087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      201529641     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3565017      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1798980      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3522334      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1131161      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3260665      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         515187      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         839315      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        8765787      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    224928087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075963                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.431406                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      192814735                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5410261                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23352607                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        18758                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3331722                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1754558                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        17325                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    117466185                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        32879                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3331722                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      193081482                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       3281809                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1310104                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23106147                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       816819                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    117297391                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        91720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       655406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    153728864                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    531611895                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    531611895                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    124675777                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       29053067                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        15763                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1767168                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     21127075                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3443127                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21448                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       785237                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        116686218                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15820                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       109270194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70526                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21049601                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43074835                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224928087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176993172     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15148112      6.73%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15990128      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9312404      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4793693      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1203783      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1425026      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33381      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28388      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224928087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183222     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74994     23.44%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61767     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85699127     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857152      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7784      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19291856     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3414275      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    109270194                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.448978                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319983                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443858984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137751913                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106502810                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    109590177                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86861                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4291425                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          281                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85078                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3331722                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2222615                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       100529                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116702139                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21127075                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3443127                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7977                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2280                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          281                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989668                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568277                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1557945                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107884372                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19016508                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1385822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 101                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           22430623                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16399113                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3414115                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.443284                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            106527157                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           106502810                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        64435042                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       140424901                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.437608                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.458858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84820775                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     95505857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21201020                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15699                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1459193                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221596365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186034883     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13973946      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8975376      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2826300      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4686733      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914977      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580724      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531310      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3072116      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221596365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     84820775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     95505857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             20193695                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            16835646                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              7832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         14652910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        83467247                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1195430                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3072116                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          335230814                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         236748157                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4335291                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              18447029                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          84820775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            95505857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     84820775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.869287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.869287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.348519                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.348519                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      501447590                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     138772606                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     124734016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        15686                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         324104                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.163170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2093217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         356846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.865883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           201.130087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.806535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   970.686885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.997719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2026.853374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.701561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1203.821604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.082537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   975.270416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.940478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  2555.814761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.305130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1211.585024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.859692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2546.733261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.923159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2027.749991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.857015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1630.725857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.015328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1190.355029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.688027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2020.025666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.484567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1578.694858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.732587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1646.738386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.573418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2543.245641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.931488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   968.121975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.610260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1597.917239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           297.481313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           407.313128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           321.954220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           284.351846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           405.152854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           313.318614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           401.650653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           421.384045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           390.249422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           331.334092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           423.309661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           356.327696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           404.909125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           411.357876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           296.887652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           352.201417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.029623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.061855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.036738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.029763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.077997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.036975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.077720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.061882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.049766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.036327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.061646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.048178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.050254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.077614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.029545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.048765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.009078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.012430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.008678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.012364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.012257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.012860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.010112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.012918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.012357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.012554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.009060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        24523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        47168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        25931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        47038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        26031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        47186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        24763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  555627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           166380                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                166380                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2077                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        24727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        47242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        26078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        47112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        26175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        47256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        24967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   557704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24933                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41402                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        24727                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        47242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        26078                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        47112                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        26175                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35000                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        47256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        24967                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  557704                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                323943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 323970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10376                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27914                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13579                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10617                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30843                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31085                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27687                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18898                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13579                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27677                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18710                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18730                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                323970                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5610715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1701758728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5785934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4578322694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6419041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2211127947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5546173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1735373356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5936796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5018572652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6337887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2225374258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5755243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5057669284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6112334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4534161494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5876789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3105730483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6359356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2215297051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5719808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4537053584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5033412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3034698689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5739096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3064458465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6150491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5022440117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6001306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1708085822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4896284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3043329065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52886734354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       140878                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       161950                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       861787                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       722627                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       463838                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       839175                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1409521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4599776                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5610715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1701758728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5785934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4578322694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6419041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2211127947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5546173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1735373356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5936796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5018713530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6337887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2225374258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5755243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5057831234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6112334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4534161494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5876789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3106592270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6359356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2215297051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5719808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4537053584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5033412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3035421316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5739096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3064922303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6150491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5023279292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6001306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1708085822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4896284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3044738586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      52891334130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5610715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1701758728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5785934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4578322694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6419041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2211127947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5546173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1735373356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5936796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5018713530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6337887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2225374258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5755243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5057831234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6112334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4534161494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5876789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3106592270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6359356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2215297051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5719808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4537053584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5033412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3035421316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5739096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3064922303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6150491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5023279292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6001306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1708085822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4896284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3044738586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     52891334130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        35140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        69200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        39610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        69135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        53504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        78104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        53002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              879570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       166380                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            166380                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        35344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        69328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        39754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        69263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        53657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        78179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        53071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               881674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        35344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        69328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        39754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        69263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        53657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        78179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        53071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              881674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.302134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.395360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.400101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.400333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.395857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.296126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.368297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.013333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.013333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.057143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.115942                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.012833                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.300390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.394993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.399362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.341576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.399593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.347709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.395541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.367449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.300390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.394993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.399362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.341576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.399593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.347709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.395541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.367449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151640.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164009.129530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152261.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164015.286021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156561.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162834.372708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149896.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163452.327023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152225.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162718.781272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154582.609756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162899.806603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151453.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162709.731180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149081.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163764.997797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150686.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164385.247605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155106.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163141.398557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150521.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163928.662210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148041.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162231.299530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151028.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164278.892731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150011.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162443.887606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150032.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163955.252640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148372.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162553.630221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163259.383145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       140878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       161950                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 172357.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 180656.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 154612.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       167835                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 176190.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170362.074074                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151640.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164009.129530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152261.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164015.286021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156561.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162834.372708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149896.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163452.327023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152225.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162718.073145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154582.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162899.806603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151453.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162709.706740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149081.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163764.997797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150686.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164387.356863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155106.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163141.398557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150521.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163928.662210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148041.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162235.238696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151028.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164277.338425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150011.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162444.759305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150032.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163955.252640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148372.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162559.454672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163259.975090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151640.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164009.129530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152261.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164015.286021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156561.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162834.372708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149896.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163452.327023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152225.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162718.073145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154582.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162899.806603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151453.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162709.706740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149081.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163764.997797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150686.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164387.356863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155106.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163141.398557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150521.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163928.662210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148041.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162235.238696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151028.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164277.338425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150011.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162444.759305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150032.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163955.252640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148372.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162559.454672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163259.975090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                86068                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     86068                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           323943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            323970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           323970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3460282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1097570536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3574391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2952879653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4031566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1420429643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3394863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1117109595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3667789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3223289164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3956877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1429904017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3544362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3248365735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3726263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2921963151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3608998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2005458498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3978188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1424558636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3508061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2925464723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3056405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1944963876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3526971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1978106921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3767697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3222694748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3675252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1101495160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2979263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1952846270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34024557554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        82607                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       103457                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       571031                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       490644                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       289828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       549326                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       943399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3030292                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3460282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1097570536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3574391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2952879653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4031566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1420429643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3394863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1117109595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3667789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3223371771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3956877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1429904017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3544362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3248469192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3726263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2921963151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3608998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2006029529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3978188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1424558636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3508061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2925464723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3056405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1945454520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3526971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1978396749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3767697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3223244074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3675252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1101495160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2979263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1953789669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34027587846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3460282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1097570536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3574391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2952879653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4031566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1420429643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3394863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1117109595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3667789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3223371771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3956877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1429904017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3544362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3248469192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3726263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2921963151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3608998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2006029529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3978188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1424558636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3508061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2925464723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3056405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1945454520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3526971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1978396749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3767697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3223244074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3675252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1101495160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2979263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1953789669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34027587846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.302134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.395360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.400101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.400333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.395857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.296126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.368297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.013333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.013333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.057143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.115942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.300390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.394993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.399362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.341576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.399593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.347709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.395541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.367449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.300390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.394993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.399362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.341576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.399593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.347709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.395541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93521.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105779.735544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94062.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105784.898366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98330.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104604.878342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91753.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105218.950268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94045.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104509.732313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96509.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104670.523168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93272.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104502.822513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90884.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105535.563658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92538.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106148.229397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97028.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104908.950291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92317.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105700.210391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89894.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103975.402331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92815.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106041.970677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91895.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104233.609807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91881.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105730.001920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90280.696970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104307.567033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105032.544472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        82607                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       103457                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114206.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       122661                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 96609.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109865.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117924.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112233.037037                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93521.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105779.735544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94062.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105784.898366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98330.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104604.878342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91753.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105218.950268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94045.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104509.022177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96509.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104670.523168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93272.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104502.788869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90884.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105535.563658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92538.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106150.361361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97028.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104908.950291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92317.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105700.210391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89894.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103979.397114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92815.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106040.453932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91895.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104234.520389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91881.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105730.001920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90280.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104313.383289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105033.144569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93521.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105779.735544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94062.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105784.898366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98330.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104604.878342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91753.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105218.950268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94045.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104509.022177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96509.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104670.523168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93272.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104502.788869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90884.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105535.563658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92538.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106150.361361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97028.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104908.950291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92317.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105700.210391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89894.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103979.397114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92815.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106040.453932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91895.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104234.520389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91881.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105730.001920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90280.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104313.383289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105033.144569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              493.545318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011921974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2048425.048583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    38.545318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.061771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11913874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11913874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11913874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11913874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11913874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11913874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8275686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8275686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8275686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8275686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8275686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8275686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11913925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11913925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11913925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11913925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11913925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11913925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162268.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162268.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162268.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162268.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162268.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162268.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6613278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6613278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6613278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6613278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6613278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6613278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169571.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169571.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169571.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169571.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169571.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169571.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35309                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163370782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4593.583073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.477954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.522046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9506345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18292                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18292                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16568914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16568914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16568914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16568914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2050                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2050                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        92561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        92561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9702805474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9702805474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    141683511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    141683511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9844488985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9844488985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9844488985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9844488985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9596856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9596856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18292                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18292                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16661475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16661475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16661475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16661475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107200.290285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107200.290285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 69113.907805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69113.907805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106356.769968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106356.769968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106356.769968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106356.769968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       324064                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46294.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3463217480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3463217480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15842238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15842238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3479059718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3479059718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3479059718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3479059718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98650.301373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98650.301373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78040.581281                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78040.581281                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98531.811096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98531.811096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98531.811096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98531.811096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              527.007278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1014438249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1917652.644612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.007278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.059307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11770568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11770568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11770568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11770568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11770568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11770568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7957985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7957985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7957985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7957985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7957985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7957985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11770618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11770618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11770618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11770618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11770618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11770618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159159.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159159.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159159.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159159.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159159.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159159.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6396428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6396428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6396428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6396428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6396428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6396428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164010.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164010.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164010.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164010.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164010.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164010.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                69316                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180349460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                69572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2592.270741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.151308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.848692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8164413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8164413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6764903                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6764903                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18952                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18952                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15784                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15784                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14929316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14929316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14929316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14929316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       176432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          776                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          776                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       177208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       177208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       177208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       177208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21599446739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21599446739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     66241817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66241817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21665688556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21665688556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21665688556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21665688556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8340845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8340845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6765679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6765679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18952                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18952                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15106524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15106524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15106524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15106524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122423.634822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122423.634822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85363.166237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85363.166237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122261.345741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122261.345741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122261.345741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122261.345741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107892                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107892                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7642603565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7642603565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8525977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8525977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7651129542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7651129542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7651129542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7651129542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110461.403206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110461.403206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66609.195312                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66609.195312                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110380.425039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110380.425039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110380.425039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110380.425039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.907347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1008731750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1943606.454721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    42.907347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.068762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11819279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11819279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11819279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11819279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11819279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11819279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9416713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9416713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9416713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9416713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9416713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9416713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11819334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11819334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11819334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11819334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11819334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11819334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171212.963636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171212.963636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171212.963636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171212.963636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171212.963636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171212.963636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7676136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7676136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7676136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7676136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7676136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7676136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174457.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174457.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174457.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174457.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174457.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174457.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                39734                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              165646803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                39990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4142.205626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.552711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.447289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8137361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8137361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6849829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6849829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14987190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14987190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14987190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14987190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       127045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       127901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       127901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       127901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       127901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15649731801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15649731801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     74331082                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74331082                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15724062883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15724062883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15724062883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15724062883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8264406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8264406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6850685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6850685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17520                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17520                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15115091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15115091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15115091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15115091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123182.587280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123182.587280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86835.376168                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86835.376168                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122939.327159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122939.327159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122939.327159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122939.327159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8361                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8361                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        87457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        88167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        88167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4096925992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4096925992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9839057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9839057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4106765049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4106765049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4106765049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4106765049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103489.087400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103489.087400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 67390.801370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67390.801370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103356.446595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103356.446595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103356.446595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103356.446595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              493.564046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1011918974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2048418.975709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.564046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11910874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11910874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11910874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11910874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11910874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11910874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8698329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8698329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8698329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8698329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8698329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8698329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11910925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11910925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11910925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11910925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11910925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11910925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170555.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170555.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170555.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170555.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170555.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170555.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6662469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6662469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6662469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6662469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6662469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6662469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170832.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170832.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170832.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170832.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170832.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170832.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                35344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              163376709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                35600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4589.233399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.478781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.521219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9511833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9511833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7063074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7063074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16574907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       16574907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16574907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      16574907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        90531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2061                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2061                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        92592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        92592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        92592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        92592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9756219210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9756219210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    136769259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136769259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9892988469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9892988469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9892988469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9892988469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9602364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9602364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7065135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7065135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16667499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16667499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16667499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16667499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107766.612652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107766.612652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66360.630277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66360.630277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106844.959273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106844.959273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106844.959273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106844.959273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       113477                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 18912.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            7656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        55391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        57248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        57248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        35140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        35344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        35344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3483723432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3483723432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15449253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15449253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3499172685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3499172685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3499172685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3499172685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99138.401594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99138.401594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 75731.632353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75731.632353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99003.301409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99003.301409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99003.301409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99003.301409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              578.804033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1039238326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1782570.027444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.452283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.351750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11523005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11523005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11523005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11523005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11523005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11523005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8013763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8013763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8013763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8013763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8013763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8013763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11523054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11523054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11523054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11523054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11523054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11523054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163546.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163546.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163546.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163546.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163546.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163546.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6806302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6806302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6806302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6806302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6806302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6806302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170157.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170157.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170157.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170157.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170157.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170157.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                78085                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              447485405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                78341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5712.020589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.907972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.092028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     30199510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30199510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16534568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16534568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8071                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8071                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8066                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8066                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     46734078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       46734078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     46734078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      46734078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       275706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       275955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       275955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       275955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       275955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33177217788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33177217788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22823816                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22823816                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33200041604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33200041604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33200041604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33200041604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     30475216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30475216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16534817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16534817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8071                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8071                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8066                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8066                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     47010033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47010033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     47010033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47010033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120335.494287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120335.494287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91661.911647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91661.911647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120309.621511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120309.621511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120309.621511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120309.621511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           14248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       197696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       197696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       197870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       197870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       197870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       197870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8636466739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8636466739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5623870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5623870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8642090609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8642090609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8642090609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8642090609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110709.738995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110709.738995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 74984.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74984.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110675.425613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110675.425613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110675.425613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110675.425613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.555650                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1008730711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1943604.452794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    42.555650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.068198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11818240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11818240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11818240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11818240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11818240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11818240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9199377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9199377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9199377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9199377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9199377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9199377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11818292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11818292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11818292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11818292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11818292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11818292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176911.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176911.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176911.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176911.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176911.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176911.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7738474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7738474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7738474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7738474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7738474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7738474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175874.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175874.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175874.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175874.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175874.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175874.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                39739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              165649294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                39995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4141.750069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.551511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.448489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8138415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8138415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6851143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6851143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17640                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17640                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14989558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14989558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14989558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14989558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       127290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       128154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       128154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       128154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       128154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15707193607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15707193607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     73907301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73907301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15781100908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15781100908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15781100908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15781100908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8265705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8265705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6852007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6852007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17640                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17640                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15117712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15117712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15117712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15117712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123396.917331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123396.917331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85540.857639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85540.857639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123141.695991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123141.695991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123141.695991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123141.695991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        87698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4106471744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4106471744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9754837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9754837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4116226581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4116226581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4116226581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4116226581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103719.734896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103719.734896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66359.435374                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66359.435374                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103581.534035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103581.534035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103581.534035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103581.534035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              579.244154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1039232513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1785622.874570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.208014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   542.036140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.059628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.868648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11517192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11517192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11517192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11517192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11517192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11517192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8193175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8193175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8193175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8193175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8193175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8193175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11517240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11517240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11517240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11517240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11517240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11517240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170691.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170691.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170691.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170691.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170691.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170691.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6789563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6789563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6789563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6789563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6789563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6789563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 174091.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174091.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 174091.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174091.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 174091.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174091.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                78197                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              447524697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                78453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5704.366908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.906709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.093291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     30222770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30222770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16550571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16550571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     46773341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       46773341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     46773341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      46773341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       277239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       277489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       277489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       277489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       277489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33400931408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33400931408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     22531905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22531905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33423463313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33423463313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33423463313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33423463313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     30500009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30500009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     16550821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16550821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8074                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8074                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     47050830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47050830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     47050830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47050830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120477.030317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120477.030317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90127.620000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90127.620000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120449.687422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120449.687422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120449.687422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120449.687422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14326                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           14326                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       199117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       199292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       199292                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199292                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8668896687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8668896687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5470351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5470351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8674367038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8674367038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8674367038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8674367038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110966.138693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110966.138693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 72938.013333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72938.013333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110929.665307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110929.665307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110929.665307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110929.665307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              528.829879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1014441093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1906844.159774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    39.751792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   489.078087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.063705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.783779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11773412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11773412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11773412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11773412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11773412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11773412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8303417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8303417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8303417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8303417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8303417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8303417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11773464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11773464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11773464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11773464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11773464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11773464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159681.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159681.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159681.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159681.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159681.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159681.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6709224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6709224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6709224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6709224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6709224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6709224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159743.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159743.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159743.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159743.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159743.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159743.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                69328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              180354661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                69584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2591.898439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.099049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.900951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.914449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.085551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8167155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8167155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6767397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6767397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14934552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       14934552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14934552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      14934552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       176130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       176902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       176902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       176902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       176902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21461386422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21461386422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     67064938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67064938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21528451360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21528451360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21528451360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21528451360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8343285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8343285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6768169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6768169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15111454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15111454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15111454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15111454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121849.692965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121849.692965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86871.681347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86871.681347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121697.048988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121697.048988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121697.048988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121697.048988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8467                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8467                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       106930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       107574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       107574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        69200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        69328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        69328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7614615857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7614615857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8627973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8627973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7623243830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7623243830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7623243830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7623243830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110037.801402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110037.801402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 67406.039062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67406.039062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109959.090555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109959.090555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109959.090555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109959.090555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              519.260186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1009854886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1934587.904215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.260186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11635141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11635141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11635141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11635141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11635141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11635141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7656679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7656679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7656679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7656679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7656679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7656679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11635188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11635188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11635188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11635188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11635188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11635188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162908.063830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162908.063830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162908.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162908.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162908.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162908.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6571926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6571926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6571926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6571926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6571926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6571926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164298.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164298.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164298.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164298.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164298.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164298.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                53592                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              171688108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                53848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3188.384118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.596165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.403835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8202111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8202111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6946407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6946407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15148518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15148518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15148518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15148518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       184031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3699                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3699                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       187730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       187730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       187730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       187730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24007482506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24007482506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    473929588                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    473929588                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24481412094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24481412094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24481412094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24481412094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8386142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8386142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6950106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6950106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15336248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15336248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15336248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15336248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130453.469828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130453.469828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 128123.705866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128123.705866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130407.564555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130407.564555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130407.564555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130407.564555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       101903                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       101903                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           18134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       130594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       134138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       134138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5631624534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5631624534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10937381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10937381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5642561915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5642561915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5642561915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5642561915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105388.111870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105388.111870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 70563.748387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70563.748387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105287.392055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105287.392055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105287.392055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105287.392055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              518.083123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1008731299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1943605.585742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    43.083123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.069043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11818828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11818828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11818828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11818828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11818828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11818828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9351266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9351266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9351266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9351266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9351266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9351266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11818881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11818881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11818881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11818881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11818881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11818881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176438.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176438.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176438.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176438.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176438.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176438.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7649444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7649444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7649444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7649444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7649444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7649444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       173851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       173851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       173851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                39754                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              165649138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                40010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4140.193402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.551001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.448999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8137102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8137102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6852350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6852350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17587                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17587                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14989452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14989452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14989452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14989452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       127457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       128297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       128297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       128297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       128297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15709720687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15709720687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     72208491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72208491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15781929178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15781929178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15781929178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15781929178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8264559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8264559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6853190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6853190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17587                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17587                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15117749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15117749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15117749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15117749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123255.063959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123255.063959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85962.489286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85962.489286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123010.897979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123010.897979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123010.897979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123010.897979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        87847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        88543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        88543                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88543                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        39610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        39754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        39754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4102368705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4102368705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9657906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9657906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4112026611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4112026611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4112026611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4112026611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103569.015526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103569.015526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67068.791667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67068.791667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103436.801605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103436.801605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103436.801605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103436.801605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              527.312387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1014440390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1917656.691871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    37.312387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.059795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11772709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11772709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11772709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11772709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11772709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11772709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7565870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7565870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7565870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7565870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7565870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7565870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11772758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11772758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11772758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11772758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11772758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11772758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154405.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154405.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154405.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154405.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154405.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154405.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6254604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6254604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6254604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6254604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6254604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6254604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160374.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160374.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160374.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160374.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160374.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160374.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                69263                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              180352969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                69519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2594.297516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.162661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.837339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.914698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.085302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8167203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8167203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6765639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6765639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18935                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18935                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15784                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15784                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14932842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14932842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14932842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14932842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       176088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          771                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          771                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       176859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       176859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       176859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       176859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21506294040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21506294040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     66465366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66465366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21572759406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21572759406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21572759406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21572759406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8343291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8343291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6766410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6766410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18935                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18935                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        15784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15109701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15109701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15109701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15109701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122133.785607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122133.785607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86206.700389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86206.700389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121977.164894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121977.164894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121977.164894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121977.164894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       106953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       107596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       107596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        69135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        69263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        69263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7617182532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7617182532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8605078                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8605078                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7625787610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7625787610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7625787610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7625787610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110178.383337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110178.383337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 67227.171875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67227.171875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110099.008273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110099.008273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110099.008273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110099.008273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.956734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              928535633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1652198.635231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.880551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.076183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.054296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11808188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11808188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11808188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11808188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11808188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11808188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6496648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6496648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6496648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6496648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6496648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6496648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11808231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11808231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11808231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11808231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11808231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11808231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151084.837209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151084.837209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151084.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151084.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151084.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151084.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5430178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5430178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5430178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5430178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5430178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5430178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155147.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155147.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155147.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155147.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155147.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155147.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                53080                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              223401751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                53336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4188.573403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   201.435082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    54.564918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.786856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.213144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17366300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17366300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3341365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3341365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20707665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       20707665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20707665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      20707665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       184962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       185308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       185308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       185308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       185308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21053430750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21053430750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     34188839                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34188839                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21087619589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21087619589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21087619589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21087619589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17551262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17551262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3341711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3341711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7898                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7898                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20892973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20892973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20892973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20892973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113825.708794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113825.708794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98811.673410                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98811.673410                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113797.675162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113797.675162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113797.675162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113797.675162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6260                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6260                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       131952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       132228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       132228                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132228                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5535955620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5535955620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5250716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5250716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5541206336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5541206336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5541206336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5541206336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104432.288625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104432.288625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 75010.228571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75010.228571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104393.487867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104393.487867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104393.487867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104393.487867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              518.846017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1009860222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1938311.366603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.846017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.059048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11640477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11640477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11640477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11640477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11640477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11640477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7463700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7463700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7463700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7463700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7463700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7463700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11640523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11640523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11640523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11640523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11640523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11640523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162254.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162254.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162254.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162254.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162254.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162254.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6420835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6420835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6420835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6420835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6420835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6420835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164636.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164636.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164636.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164636.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164636.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164636.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                53657                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              171698320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                53913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3184.729472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.595620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.404380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8211282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8211282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6947481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6947481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15987                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15987                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15158763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15158763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15158763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15158763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       183634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3712                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3712                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       187346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       187346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       187346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       187346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  23924565086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23924565086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    458766955                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    458766955                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24383332041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24383332041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24383332041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24383332041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8394916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8394916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6951193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6951193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15987                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15987                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15346109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15346109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15346109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15346109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130283.962044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130283.962044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123590.235722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123590.235722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130151.335182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130151.335182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130151.335182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130151.335182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           18367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       130130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       133689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       133689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        53504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        53657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        53657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5607567019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5607567019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10526074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10526074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5618093093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5618093093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5618093093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5618093093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104806.500804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104806.500804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 68797.869281                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68797.869281                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104703.824161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104703.824161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104703.824161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104703.824161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              580.291290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1039234117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1776468.576068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.219021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.072269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.062851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11518796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11518796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11518796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11518796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11518796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11518796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8679867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8679867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8679867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8679867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8679867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8679867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11518849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11518849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11518849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11518849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11518849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11518849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163771.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163771.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163771.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163771.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163771.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163771.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7041960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7041960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7041960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7041960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7041960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7041960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167665.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167665.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167665.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167665.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167665.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167665.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                78179                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              447525373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                78435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5705.684618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.908397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.091603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     30223646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30223646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16550377                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16550377                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     46774023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       46774023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     46774023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      46774023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       277369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       277618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       277618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       277618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       277618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  33340331821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33340331821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24306595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24306595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  33364638416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33364638416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  33364638416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33364638416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     30501015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30501015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16550626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16550626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8074                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8074                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     47051641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47051641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     47051641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47051641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120202.083942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120202.083942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97616.847390                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97616.847390                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120181.826884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120181.826884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120181.826884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120181.826884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           14953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       199265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       199439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       199439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        78104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        78179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        78179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8638389643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8638389643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6019474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6019474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8644409117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8644409117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8644409117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8644409117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110601.117011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110601.117011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 80259.653333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80259.653333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110572.009325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110572.009325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110572.009325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110572.009325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              496.292371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1011920943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2036058.235412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    41.292371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.066174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11912843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11912843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11912843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11912843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11912843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11912843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9599999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9599999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9599999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9599999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9599999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9599999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11912902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11912902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11912902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11912902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11912902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11912902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162711.847458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162711.847458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162711.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162711.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162711.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162711.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7267735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7267735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7267735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7267735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7267735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7267735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173041.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173041.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173041.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173041.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173041.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173041.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                35385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              163376299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                35641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4583.942622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.478187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.521813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9511843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9511843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7062580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16574423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       16574423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16574423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      16574423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        90589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        92680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        92680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9722326439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9722326439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    138097534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    138097534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9860423973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9860423973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9860423973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9860423973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9602432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9602432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7064671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16667103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16667103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16667103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16667103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107323.476791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107323.476791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66043.775227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66043.775227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106392.144724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106392.144724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106392.144724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106392.144724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       120041                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 20006.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        55408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        57295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        57295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3471035958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3471035958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     15492933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15492933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3486528891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3486528891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3486528891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3486528891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98662.231261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98662.231261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 75945.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75945.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98531.267232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98531.267232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98531.267232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98531.267232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              558.798887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              928534467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1655141.652406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.781054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.017832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.052534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11807022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11807022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11807022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11807022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11807022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11807022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6319643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6319643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6319643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6319643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6319643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6319643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11807063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11807063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11807063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11807063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11807063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11807063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154137.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154137.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154137.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154137.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154137.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154137.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5319107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5319107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5319107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5319107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5319107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5319107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156444.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156444.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156444.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156444.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156444.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156444.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                53071                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              223400634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                53327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4189.259362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   201.727136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    54.272864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.787997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.212003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17364681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17364681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3341857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3341857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7906                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7906                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7843                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7843                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20706538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       20706538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20706538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      20706538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       185040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       185378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       185378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       185378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       185378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21077743119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21077743119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     36702881                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36702881                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21114446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21114446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21114446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21114446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17549721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17549721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3342195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3342195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7843                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7843                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20891916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20891916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20891916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20891916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113909.117591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113909.117591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108588.405325                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108588.405325                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113899.416328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113899.416328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113899.416328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113899.416328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            6270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       132038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       132307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       132307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        53002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        53071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        53071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5543668800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5543668800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5505177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5505177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5549173977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5549173977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5549173977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5549173977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104593.577601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104593.577601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 79785.173913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79785.173913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104561.323077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104561.323077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104561.323077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104561.323077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
