
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012373                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12373142268                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537200735805                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 379170                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   482083                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 293172                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42204.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16002612451                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20345985191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       455040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       256000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       164608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       269440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       120960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       253440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       252288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       454784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       269184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       164608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       256000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       247424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       120960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4067072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1445120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1445120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 31774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           11290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                11290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36776430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20689975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13303654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       310350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21776198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13345034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9776013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20483075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20389970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     36755740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       320695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21755508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13303654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20689975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19996861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9776013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               328701627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       310350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       320695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5813883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         116794907                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              116794907                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         116794907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36776430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20689975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13303654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       310350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21776198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13345034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9776013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20483075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20389970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     36755740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       320695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21755508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13303654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20689975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19996861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9776013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              445496534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2080485                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9101                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11810643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2080485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2472148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        598907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       980800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21546229     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133524      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210983      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336437      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139210      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155928      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166470      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         108764      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1220832      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19981117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1177690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2464188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       341044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14416432                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20012526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        260604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       825274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2439642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        91322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14406460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        34159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5543                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20000173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67010270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67010270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2976158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          273976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13601757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4134859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18282526     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302822      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258189      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858593      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803240      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229388      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180506      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61062      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42051      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3177     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9589     38.29%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12278     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11394115     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215284      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257515      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733197      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13601757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.458407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51264597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13380615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13626801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249627                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        168674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236728                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406277                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1886609                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732887                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.451819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13380810                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13380615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7824007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20436981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.450954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2132918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18652360     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411212     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938521      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505979      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377329      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210594      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131198      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115914      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286266      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       286266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37733151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29169275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                329241                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               5653428                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.967180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.967180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.337020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.337020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60452600                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18547943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13449279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2034574                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1835144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108171                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       769277                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         726171                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4732                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21565388                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12781477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2034574                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       837970                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2528103                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        342057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2744425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1238838                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108441                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     27070467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       24542364     90.66%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          90334      0.33%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         184396      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          78105      0.29%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         419907      1.55%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         374782      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          72011      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         151169      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1157399      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     27070467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068569                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430762                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       21352839                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2959939                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2518682                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         8043                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       230961                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       179153                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14986850                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       230961                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       21380780                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2742667                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       121423                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2501630                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        93003                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14977895                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           69                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        47421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          937                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17589979                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     70533709                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     70533709                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15564587                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2025386                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1745                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          886                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          217519                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3530476                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1783964                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16602                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        85825                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14947257                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1751                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14351239                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8586                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1181443                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2854891                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27070467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21918298     80.97%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1571386      5.80%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1274242      4.71%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       549437      2.03%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687000      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       651854      2.41%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       370408      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29396      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18446      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27070467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36310     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275913     86.15%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8036      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9006422     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125493      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          858      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3439175     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1779291     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14351239                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.483666                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320259                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022316                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56101790                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16130858                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14227832                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14671498                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26203                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       141806                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          409                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12221                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1261                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       230961                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2672979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26624                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14949026                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3530476                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1783964                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          887                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          409                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        62057                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64304                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       126361                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14251188                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3428067                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            5207163                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1867359                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1779096                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.480294                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14228298                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14227832                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7687430                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        15182923                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.479507                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506321                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11550527                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13573818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1376845                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       110321                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26839506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21898675     81.59%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1818073      6.77%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       847175      3.16%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       832665      3.10%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230539      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953315      3.55%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72485      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52873      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133706      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26839506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11550527                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13573818                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              5160405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3388667                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1792383                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12070565                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       131496                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       133706                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           41656424                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          30132330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                464908                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2601338                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11550527                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13573818                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11550527                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.568870                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.568870                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.389276                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.389276                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       70443665                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16526010                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      17834412                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2188096                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1795317                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216115                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904011                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         853737                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223383                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9522                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20870470                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12429990                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2188096                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1077120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2731693                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        614112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1895467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1287311                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     25891781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23160088     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         293324      1.13%     90.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         341500      1.32%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         188684      0.73%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         218886      0.85%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         119372      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          81978      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         212289      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1275660      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     25891781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073743                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.418916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20703875                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2065834                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2709579                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        20588                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       391903                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       354025                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     15169355                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        11470                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       391903                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20735622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        706444                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1268037                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2699204                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        90569                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     15159273                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        23951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        41610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     21065955                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     70572365                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     70572365                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17953841                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3112014                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3872                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2120                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          246130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1449401                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       786832                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20674                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       173694                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15132293                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3876                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14286845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20050                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1908686                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4435887                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          354                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25891781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19869360     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2424604      9.36%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1299187      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902156      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       787452      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402891      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96316      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63280      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46535      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25891781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3665     11.91%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13224     42.99%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13874     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11959907     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223142      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321157      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       780891      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14286845                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.481496                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30763                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54516284                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17045023                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14048975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14317608                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35953                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259490                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16843                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          874                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          504                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       391903                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        661462                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15604                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15136196                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2028                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1449401                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       786832                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2117                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10862                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125046                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121638                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       246684                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14075870                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1241083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210975                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2021742                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1969528                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           780659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.474385                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14049329                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14048975                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8351602                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        21874528                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473479                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381796                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10543774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12936201                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2200202                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       217107                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25499878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20212839     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2453186      9.62%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1027258      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       616106      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428362      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       276082      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143465      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115107      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227473      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25499878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10543774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12936201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1959887                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1189898                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1851420                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11662596                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       263262                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       227473                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           40408743                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          30664808                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                321298                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3780024                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10543774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12936201                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10543774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.814154                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.814154                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.355347                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.355347                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63492017                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      19500003                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14158077                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2301451                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1883462                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227703                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       972051                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         906073                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10318                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22207874                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12862783                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2301451                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1143661                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2686739                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        619480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1217067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1360094                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227752                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     26500528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23813789     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         125802      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         200104      0.76%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         269312      1.02%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         276402      1.04%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         233806      0.88%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         131472      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         194940      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1254901      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     26500528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077564                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.433502                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       21981898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1445256                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2681661                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         3123                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       388587                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       378259                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15786722                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       388587                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22042345                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        222854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1083901                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2625079                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       137759                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15780215                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        19820                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        59423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     22023692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     73406780                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     73406780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     19093819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2929870                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3862                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1983                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          413273                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1480712                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       799412                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9238                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       227793                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15758636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3875                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14971783                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2230                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1735589                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4143136                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26500528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20132621     75.97%     75.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2645823      9.98%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1332464      5.03%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       981498      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       774483      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315626      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199817      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103994      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14202      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26500528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2717     10.84%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9138     36.46%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13207     52.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12592604     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222682      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1877      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1357844      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       796776      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14971783                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.504579                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25062                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56471386                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17498166                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14742939                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14996845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29702                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       240318                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10333                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       388587                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        190513                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13399                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15762537                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1480712                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       799412                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1984                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11273                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132549                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       259868                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14761599                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276784                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2073477                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2097731                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           796693                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.497496                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14743074                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14742939                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8463989                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        22810905                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.496867                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371050                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11130416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13696015                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2066530                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3787                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       230326                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26111941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20465759     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2811513     10.77%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1050767      4.02%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499926      1.91%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       439805      1.68%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       243439      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       201495      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96091      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303146      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26111941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11130416                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13696015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2029471                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1240392                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1974994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12340016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       282099                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       303146                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           41571262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          31913698                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                338538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3171277                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11130416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13696015                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11130416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.665831                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.665831                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.375118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.375118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       66439870                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      20539970                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14631082                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2021575                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1810118                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163250                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1368021                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1335341                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118256                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4804                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21458923                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11496595                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2021575                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1453597                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2563162                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        538550                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       890107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1300428                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159947                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25286629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       22723467     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         394700      1.56%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         194527      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         391600      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         120330      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         363777      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          56105      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          89805      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         952318      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25286629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068131                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.387459                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       21275398                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1078883                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2557951                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2031                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       372362                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       185479                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2050                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12819506                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         4854                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       372362                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       21296765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        725626                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       286302                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2536266                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        69304                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12799116                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        52259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     16730102                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     57950539                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     57950539                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     13500772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3229320                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1668                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          846                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          165018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2350032                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       365261                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3159                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        82423                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12731598                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        11902416                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7857                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2347578                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4829204                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25286629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20071026     79.37%     79.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1618315      6.40%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1772876      7.01%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015705      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       519856      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130848      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151390      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3674      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2939      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25286629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19438     56.95%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8146     23.87%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6547     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9306516     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90811      0.76%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2142609     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361657      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     11902416                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.401136                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34131                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49133449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15080889                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11594842                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     11936547                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9165                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       489667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9445                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       372362                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        649835                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8518                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12733287                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1548                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2350032                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365261                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4265                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          271                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110220                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62491                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       172711                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11753273                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2111892                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2473488                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1789042                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           361596                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.396109                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             11598018                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            11594842                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7023183                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        15151438                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.390770                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.463532                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9237028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     10367834                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2365986                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1659                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       162056                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24914267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21069740     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1499152      6.02%     90.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       972584      3.90%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305876      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513667      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        98013      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62251      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56225      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336759      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24914267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9237028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     10367834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2216180                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1860364                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1593313                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         9051631                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       126721                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       336759                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37311289                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          25840305                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                486127                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               4385176                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9237028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            10367834                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9237028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.212268                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.212268                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.311307                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.311307                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       54688931                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      15071555                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13672426                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1656                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2301888                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1883420                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227520                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       971397                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         905903                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237821                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10282                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22194765                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12863550                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2301888                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1143724                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2686729                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        618588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1141538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles          716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1359529                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227532                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     26411897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       23725168     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         125622      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         199643      0.76%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         269738      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         276561      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         234412      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         131660      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         194248      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1254845      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     26411897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077578                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.433528                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       21969609                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1369649                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2681630                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         3132                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       387874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       378718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15786273                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       387874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22029869                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        200994                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1030555                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2625240                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       137362                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15779663                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        19675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        59343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     22022927                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     73401447                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     73401447                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     19096181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2926729                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3877                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1997                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          411940                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1479694                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       799791                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       216231                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         15758477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3891                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14973863                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2388                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1730861                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4129074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26411897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20053527     75.93%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2632181      9.97%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1329770      5.03%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       986690      3.74%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       776676      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315412      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199460      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103900      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14281      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26411897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2637     10.47%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9151     36.33%     46.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13401     53.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12594341     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222884      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1877      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1357684      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       797077      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14973863                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.504650                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25189                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56387200                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17493291                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14745434                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14999052                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30911                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239155                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10629                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       387874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        168636                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13396                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15762391                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1479694                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       799791                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2000                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11287                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132074                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127695                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       259769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14763977                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277200                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2074200                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2098787                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           797000                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.497576                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14745547                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14745434                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8465217                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        22810586                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.496951                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11131745                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13697650                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2064754                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3788                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       230144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26024023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20385530     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2803195     10.77%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1051755      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500563      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434981      1.67%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242903      0.93%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       205056      0.79%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95839      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304201      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26024023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11131745                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13697650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2029701                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1240539                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1975237                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        12341475                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       282129                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       304201                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           41482148                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          31912697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                338375                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3259908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11131745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13697650                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11131745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.665512                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.665512                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.375162                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.375162                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       66449236                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      20543036                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14632626                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3784                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2572620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2142144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235577                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976114                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         938376                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10949                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22378276                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             14115500                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2572620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1215131                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2940617                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        657298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2040106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1391408                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     27783081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       24842464     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         179925      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         225206      0.81%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         362034      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         151922      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         194946      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         227508      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         105317      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1493759      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     27783081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086703                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22251230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2184511                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2926608                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1439                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       419292                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       391199                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     17255685                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       419292                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22274250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         71510                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2049607                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2905005                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        63409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     17149263                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        44128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     23949971                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     79746322                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     79746322                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     20006907                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3943049                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4115                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          222907                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1608436                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       839322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9275                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       189731                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16743525                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4128                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        16052473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16926                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2054355                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4196564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27783081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20983848     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3098981     11.15%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1267723      4.56%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       711680      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       962753      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297780      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291491      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156452      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12373      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27783081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110644     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15180     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14343     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13522273     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219401      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1984      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472215      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       836600      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     16052473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541001                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60045120                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18802113                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15631880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     16192640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11746                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308137                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12897                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       419292                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         54783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16747659                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1608436                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138818                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132724                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       271542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15771480                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       280993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2283480                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2228963                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           836469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.531531                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             15631970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            15631880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         9366184                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        25167480                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.526826                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372154                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11639464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     14342492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2405221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       237362                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27363788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21292733     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3076729     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1117589      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556104      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509366      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213816      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211597      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100685      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285169      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27363788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11639464                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     14342492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2126724                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1300299                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1996                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          2078711                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12913094                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       296177                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       285169                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           43826254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          33914746                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                341542                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1888724                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11639464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            14342492                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11639464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.549242                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.549242                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392274                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392274                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       70961037                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      21844175                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15955529                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2576530                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2145385                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977617                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939842                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         277184                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10967                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22412707                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             14136806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2576530                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1217026                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2945075                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        658260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1994506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1393543                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225515                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     27777602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.989127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       24832527     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         180181      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         225568      0.81%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         362589      1.31%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         152151      0.55%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         195225      0.70%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         227884      0.82%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         105488      0.38%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1495989      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     27777602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.476439                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22286118                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2139099                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2931042                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1444                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       419898                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       391795                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     17281799                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       419898                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22309169                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         71572                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2004043                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2909411                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        63501                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     17175233                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        44192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     23986104                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     79867005                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     79867005                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     20037333                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3948708                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         4121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          223222                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1610900                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       840625                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       190023                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16768931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4133                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        16076881                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2057302                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4202464                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27777602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20968051     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3103685     11.17%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1269625      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712840      2.57%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       964116      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298254      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291919      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156718      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12394      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27777602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110825     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15208     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14366     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13542779     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219740      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1987      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1474478      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837897      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     16076881                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541823                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140399                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60088706                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18830471                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15655666                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     16217280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11754                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308574                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12913                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       419898                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         54827                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6911                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16773070                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12746                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1610900                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840625                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6042                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139058                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132915                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       271973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15795473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1449232                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       281408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2286998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2232385                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           837766                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532339                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15655756                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15655666                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         9380377                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        25205476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527628                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372156                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11657153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14364385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2408678                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       237719                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27357704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21277373     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3081414     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119332      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556971      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       510110      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       214142      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211911      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100830      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285621      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27357704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11657153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14364385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2130011                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1302311                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          2081911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12932825                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       296648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       285621                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           43845068                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          33966112                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                342066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1894203                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11657153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14364385                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11657153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.545373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.545373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.392870                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.392870                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       71068978                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      21877233                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15979684                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2184348                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792690                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216194                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       901930                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         852620                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223095                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9592                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20869738                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12407895                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2184348                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1075715                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2729216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        612977                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1886632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1287084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214918                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     25878458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23149242     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         294394      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         343158      1.33%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         187523      0.72%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         218625      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         119406      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          81430      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         209803      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1274877      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     25878458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073617                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.418171                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20702047                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2058053                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2707079                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        20651                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       390626                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       352856                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15142636                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        11536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       390626                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20734380                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        681238                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1285418                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2696081                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        90713                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15132369                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        23497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        41992                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     21030993                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     70451534                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     70451534                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17944890                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3086086                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3935                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          246132                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447052                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       785143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20793                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       172163                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15103988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3942                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14265683                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19235                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1890086                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4396299                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          419                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25878458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19861900     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2424563      9.37%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1299368      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       898847      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       785965      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       401481      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96425      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63244      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46665      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25878458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3549     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13022     42.73%     54.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13901     45.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11943407     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222863      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1318664      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       779001      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14265683                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.480782                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30472                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002136                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54459531                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16998186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14028821                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14296155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35861                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       257776                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          173                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15538                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          556                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       390626                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        628275                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15227                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15107954                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447052                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       785143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10609                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          173                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124936                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       246378                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14054706                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1239048                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2017773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1967052                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           778725                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473672                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14029108                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14028821                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8341122                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        21842093                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381883                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10538486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12929676                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2178425                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3523                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       217203                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25487832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20203365     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2452081      9.62%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1026375      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       615918      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428537      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275808      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143620      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114841      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227287      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25487832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10538486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12929676                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1958874                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1189272                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1850484                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11656704                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       263124                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       227287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           40368581                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          30606865                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                321302                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3793347                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10538486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12929676                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10538486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.815566                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.815566                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355168                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355168                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       63401867                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      19474914                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      14133101                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               29671372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2182287                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1788983                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215604                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       901477                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         850708                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223474                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9581                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20853045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12407170                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2182287                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1074182                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2726896                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        612752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2025916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1286175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214265                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     25999207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23272311     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         293942      1.13%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         339895      1.31%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         187944      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         217643      0.84%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         119145      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          81681      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         212304      0.82%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1274342      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     25999207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073549                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.418153                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20684884                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2197766                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2705021                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        20433                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       391101                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       354494                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15146832                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        11491                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       391101                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20716651                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        608181                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1499128                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2694589                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        89555                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15137191                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        23094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        41484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21033669                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     70479303                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     70479303                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17933655                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3099887                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3964                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2214                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          244122                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447755                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       787240                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20557                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       174855                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15111085                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3970                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14272568                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20210                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1901850                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4415965                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          452                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25999207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19984170     76.86%     76.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2420545      9.31%     86.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1298034      4.99%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       901418      3.47%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786188      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402610      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96558      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        62921      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46763      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25999207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3641     11.75%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13439     43.38%     55.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13897     44.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11945824     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223129      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1746      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1320719      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       781150      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14272568                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.481022                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30977                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54595530                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17017067                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14033528                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14303545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35870                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259193                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          164                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18127                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          872                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          404                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       391101                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        558888                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14833                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15115077                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447755                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       787240                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2213                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10267                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          164                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124343                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121318                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       245661                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14060462                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1239410                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       212106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2020287                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1967382                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           780877                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.473873                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14033832                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14033528                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8340342                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        21848353                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.472965                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381738                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10531915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12921627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2193508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       216655                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25608106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20327167     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2450669      9.57%     88.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1026083      4.01%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       615192      2.40%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       427479      1.67%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275729      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143280      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115081      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227426      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25608106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10531915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12921627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1957665                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1188552                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1756                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1849333                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11649454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       262963                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       227426                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           40495750                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          30621487                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                321135                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3672165                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10531915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12921627                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10531915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.817282                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.817282                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.354952                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.354952                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       63420649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19476535                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14133991                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2031204                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1832344                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         724153                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111555                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4760                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21532899                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12763018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2031204                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       835708                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2524015                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        341447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2803275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1237016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108389                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     27092328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       24568313     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          90087      0.33%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         184649      0.68%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          77660      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         418510      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         374295      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          71653      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         150836      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1156325      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     27092328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068456                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430140                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21311410                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      3027872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2514604                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         8009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       230430                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       178631                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14964636                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1490                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       230430                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21339818                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2808541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       122768                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2497323                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        93445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14955561                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        48086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        31068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          447                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17562423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     70428421                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     70428421                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15540043                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2022368                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1744                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          888                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          219706                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3526936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1782191                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16504                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        86269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14924907                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1749                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14330221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8490                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1180154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2848265                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27092328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21950092     81.02%     81.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1566948      5.78%     86.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1271935      4.69%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       547417      2.02%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       686689      2.53%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       651470      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369777      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29616      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18384      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27092328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36189     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275870     86.17%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8100      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8990564     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125146      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          856      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3436147     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1777508     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14330221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.482958                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320159                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022342                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56081419                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16107218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14206955                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14650380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25779                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       141048                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          411                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12022                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1260                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       230430                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2736778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27809                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14926677                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3526936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1782191                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          887                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17145                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          411                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61849                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       126188                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14230200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3424877                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5202202                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1864348                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1777325                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.479587                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14207455                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14206955                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7675954                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        15156391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.478803                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506450                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11534854                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13554955                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1373351                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       110244                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26861898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21929545     81.64%     81.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1812978      6.75%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845809      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       832322      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230139      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952970      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72121      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52851      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133163      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26861898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11534854                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13554955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              5156050                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3385881                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1789740                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12053671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       131190                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       133163                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           41657002                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30087079                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                464315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2579477                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11534854                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13554955                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11534854                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.572361                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.572361                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.388748                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.388748                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       70345658                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16499824                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      17811447                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2018592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1807361                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162749                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1366143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1333342                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117866                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4788                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21427719                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11478956                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2018592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1451208                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2558391                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        536918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       935118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1298123                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159400                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     25294538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.738635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       22736147     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         393793      1.56%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         193469      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         390825      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         120161      0.48%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         363509      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          56005      0.22%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          90011      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         950618      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     25294538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068031                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.386864                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       21244599                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1123554                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2553115                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2027                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       371239                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       185226                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         2046                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12798776                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4836                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       371239                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       21266046                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        763172                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       293062                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2531359                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        69656                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12778256                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           37                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        52369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     16701694                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     57853349                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     57853349                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     13480110                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3221563                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1669                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          848                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          165519                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2346280                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       364692                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3155                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        82062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12710970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11883336                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8073                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2342576                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4817049                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25294538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.469798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20086694     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1616384      6.39%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1770457      7.00%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1013690      4.01%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       518997      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130440      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151317      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3594      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2965      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25294538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19471     57.02%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8127     23.80%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6551     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9291585     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90589      0.76%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          822      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2139349     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       360991      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11883336                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.400493                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49103431                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15055265                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11576746                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11917485                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       488062                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9598                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       371239                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        685164                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8590                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12712661                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2346280                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       364692                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4337                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          246                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109832                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62381                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       172213                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11734408                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2108808                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148927                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2469737                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1786407                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           360929                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.395473                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11580028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11576746                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7012661                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        15127023                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.390160                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463585                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9223928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     10352375                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2360773                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       161556                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24923299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21084042     84.60%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1497311      6.01%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       971065      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305924      1.23%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       512806      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97663      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62058      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56165      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336265      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24923299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9223928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     10352375                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2213312                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1858218                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1590977                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         9037907                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       126445                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       336265                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           37300143                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          25797835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                485508                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               4377267                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9223928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            10352375                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9223928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.216830                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.216830                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.310865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.310865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       54602926                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      15047641                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13652058                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2303132                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1884850                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227861                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       972728                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         906727                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237758                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10322                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22223510                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12871887                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2303132                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1144485                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2688653                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        619906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1162325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1361049                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227909                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26463604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23774951     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         125893      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         200225      0.76%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         269518      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         276600      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         233979      0.88%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         131572      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         195079      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1255787      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26463604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077620                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.433809                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       21997389                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1390664                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2683571                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         3122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       388855                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       378531                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15797944                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       388855                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22057877                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        208308                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1043736                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2626939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       137886                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15791446                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        19852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        59466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     22039354                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     73458990                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     73458990                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     19107443                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2931903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3863                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1983                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          413569                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1481759                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       799973                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9249                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       227934                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15769816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3875                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14982475                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2231                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1736790                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4145647                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26463604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20091248     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2647590     10.00%     85.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1333398      5.04%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       982217      3.71%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       775056      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315852      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199959      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       104072      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14212      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26463604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2712     10.82%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9139     36.46%     47.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13215     52.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12601618     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222841      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1878      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1358806      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       797332      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14982475                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.504940                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25066                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56455851                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17510547                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14753467                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     15007541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29727                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       240484                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       388855                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        175907                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13394                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15773717                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1481759                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       799973                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1984                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11271                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132636                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127410                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       260046                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14772139                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277696                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210336                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2074946                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2099259                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           797250                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.497851                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14753598                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14753467                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8469996                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22827314                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.497222                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371047                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11138288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13705759                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2067962                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3787                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       230484                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26074749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20424578     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2813479     10.79%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1051536      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500281      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       440079      1.69%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       243626      0.93%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       201641      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96159      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303370      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26074749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11138288                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13705759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2030904                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1241272                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1976437                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        12348755                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       282299                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       303370                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           41545022                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          31936322                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                338769                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               3208201                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11138288                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13705759                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11138288                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.663947                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.663947                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.375383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.375383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       66487165                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      20554663                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14641401                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2188238                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1795453                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216117                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904025                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         853743                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223382                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9522                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20872029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12430985                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2188238                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1077125                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2731840                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        614241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1913297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1287434                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214835                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     25911389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       23179549     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         293330      1.13%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         341499      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         188684      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         218890      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         119375      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          82033      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         212288      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1275741      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     25911389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.418949                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20705196                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2083898                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2709717                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        20600                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       391976                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       354028                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15170361                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        11470                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       391976                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20736954                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        701782                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1290679                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2699290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        90706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15160239                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        23927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        41718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21066987                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     70576291                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     70576291                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17954026                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3112887                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3873                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          246560                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1449549                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       786850                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20684                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       173694                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15132966                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3877                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14287235                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20058                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1909223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4437502                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          354                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25911389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19888881     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2424618      9.36%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1299173      5.01%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902153      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       787532      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402892      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96293      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63310      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46537      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25911389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3667     11.92%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13228     43.01%     54.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13864     45.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11960191     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223150      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321238      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       780908      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14287235                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.481509                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30759                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54536676                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17046234                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14049306                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14317994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35979                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259623                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16843                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          874                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          557                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       391976                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        653572                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15591                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15136870                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1449549                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       786850                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2118                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125046                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121645                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       246691                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14076261                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1241164                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2021839                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1969545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           780675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.474399                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14049659                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14049306                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8351767                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        21874732                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381800                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10543905                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12936341                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2200738                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       217112                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25519413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20232395     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2453178      9.61%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1027218      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       616097      2.41%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428354      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       276092      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143479      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115114      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227486      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25519413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10543905                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12936341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1959909                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1189911                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1851435                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11662726                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       263264                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       227486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           40428941                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30666226                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                321322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3760416                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10543905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12936341                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10543905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.814119                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.814119                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.355351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.355351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63493575                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19500369                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14159108                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2181363                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1788313                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215812                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       898243                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         850202                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223349                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9537                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20842088                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12405583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2181363                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1073551                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2727505                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        613678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1994908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1285998                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214469                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     25958679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       23231174     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         294715      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         340301      1.31%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         188068      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         217369      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         119163      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          81420      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         211261      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1275208      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     25958679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073516                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.418093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20673495                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      2167118                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2705438                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        20687                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       391939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       354280                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2234                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     15145847                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        11643                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       391939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20705756                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        577790                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1498410                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2694792                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        89990                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     15136227                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        22837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        42037                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     21030753                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     70478817                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     70478817                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17923522                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3107228                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3942                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2197                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          244965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1449045                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       786868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20607                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       174523                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         15110267                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3947                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        14268487                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20137                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1909472                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4431789                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          429                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25958679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19947553     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2417017      9.31%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1298533      5.00%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       899902      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786505      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402805      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96591      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63077      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46696      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25958679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3513     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13626     43.91%     55.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13891     44.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11942899     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222857      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1745      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1320224      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       780762      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     14268487                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.480877                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31030                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002175                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54546820                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17023848                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14028851                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     14299517                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35574                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       261198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          164                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18213                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          871                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          301                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       391939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        526808                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14392                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15114241                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5453                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1449045                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       786868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9950                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          164                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123715                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121906                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       245621                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14056060                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1239167                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       212427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2019694                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1966048                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           780527                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.473718                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             14029118                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            14028851                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8338829                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        21848689                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.472801                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381663                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10525926                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12914236                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2200177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       216869                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25566740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20290847     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2446961      9.57%     88.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1025305      4.01%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       614884      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       427295      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275522      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143550      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115085      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227291      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25566740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10525926                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12914236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1956502                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1187847                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1756                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1848270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11642782                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       262809                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       227291                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           40453797                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          30620785                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                321356                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3713126                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10525926                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12914236                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10525926                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.818926                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.818926                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.354745                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.354745                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       63402766                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      19470549                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      14131676                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2573988                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2143262                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235697                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         938914                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276916                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10955                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22390418                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             14122759                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2573988                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1215830                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2942175                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        657625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2025680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1392157                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225290                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     27784131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       24841956     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         180007      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         225346      0.81%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         362233      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         152014      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         195053      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         227643      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         105374      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1494505      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     27784131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086749                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.475966                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22264900                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2170135                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2928156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1440                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       419499                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       391415                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     17264672                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       419499                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22287932                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         71509                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2035201                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2906545                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        63437                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     17158198                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        44151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     23962215                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     79787837                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     79787837                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     20017225                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3944942                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         4117                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          222990                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1609329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       839783                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9279                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       189833                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16752261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4129                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        16060884                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16917                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2055348                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4198612                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27784131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20981410     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3100556     11.16%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1268373      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       711958      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       963336      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297947      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291612      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156555      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12384      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27784131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110712     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15195     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14351     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13529292     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219516      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1985      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1473035      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837056      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     16060884                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.541284                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140258                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60063074                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18811843                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15640063                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     16201142                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11747                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308308                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12905                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       419499                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         54784                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16756396                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12739                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1609329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839783                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138905                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132782                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       271687                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15779749                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447811                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       281135                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2284735                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2230169                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           836924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.531810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15640153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15640063                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         9370991                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        25180371                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.527102                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372155                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11645492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     14350013                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2406388                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       237483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27364632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21290413     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3078315     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118193      4.09%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556405      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509604      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213931      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211702      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100738      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285331      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27364632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11645492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     14350013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2127875                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1301009                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1996                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          2079835                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12919878                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       296351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       285331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           43835624                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          33932377                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                341722                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1887674                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11645492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            14350013                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11645492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.547922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.547922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       70998200                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      21855374                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15963798                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3350                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.561345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         123678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        22.911819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.134799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.728573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   929.261373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1086.436600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.453741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.530487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4013                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3350                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3096350167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3150647715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104435710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3158733258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104435710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3158733258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935170.693748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 941897.672646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936198.947527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942905.450149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936198.947527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942905.450149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2805618882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2856931230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813265425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864577773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813265425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864577773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847362.996678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854090.053812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848391.262063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855097.842687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848391.262063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855097.842687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         3590                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.895950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         154605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        27.421958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.053999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.710653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1199.715006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         828.416292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.585798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.404500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1505                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1505                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4822                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4823                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                3584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 3590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3555                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                3590                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68535302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3323952077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3392487379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11759314                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11759314                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68535302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3335711391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     3404246693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68535302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3335711391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    3404246693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              8404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1505                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1505                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               8413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              8413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.426464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.426721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.426721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1958151.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936588.356438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946564.558873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1959885.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1959885.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1958151.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 938315.440506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948258.131755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1958151.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 938315.440506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948258.131755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                616                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     616                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            3590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           3590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65462302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3012298145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3077760447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11232514                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11232514                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65462302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3023530659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3088992961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65462302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3023530659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3088992961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1870351.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848773.779938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858750.124721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1872085.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1872085.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1870351.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850500.888608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860443.721727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1870351.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850500.888608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860443.721727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2038                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.552109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         180274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        44.119922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.732120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.571285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   856.362664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1120.886039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.011021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.418146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.547308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3840                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3841                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2000                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2036                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73439131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1698807345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1772246476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1813997                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1813997                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73439131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1700621342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1774060473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73439131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1700621342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1774060473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2039975.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 850253.926426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871310.951819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 906998.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 906998.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2039975.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 850310.671000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871346.008350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2039975.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 850310.671000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871346.008350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               1142                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    1142                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70278331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1523470745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1593749076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1638397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1638397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70278331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1525109142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1595387473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70278331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1525109142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1595387473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1952175.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 762497.870370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783554.117994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 819198.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819198.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1952175.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 762554.571000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783589.132122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1952175.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 762554.571000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783589.132122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1325                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.509921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         158740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        47.061963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.036918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.865335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   619.856254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1373.751414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.013118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.302664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.670777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3128                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3130                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1287                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1325                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70668849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1046193054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1116861903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70668849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1046193054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1116861903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70668849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1046193054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1116861903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.298625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.297419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.297419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1859706.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 812892.815851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842914.643774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1859706.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 812892.815851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 842914.643774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1859706.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 812892.815851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 842914.643774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                568                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     568                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67330015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    931729605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    999059620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67330015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    931729605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    999059620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67330015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    931729605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    999059620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1771842.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 724517.577760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754576.752266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1771842.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 724517.577760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754576.752266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1771842.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 724517.577760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754576.752266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         2135                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.797052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         121282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         4183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        28.994023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.743752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    16.739735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   932.965979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1068.347586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.008174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.455550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.521654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3809                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3810                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                2135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 2135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2105                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                2135                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53834618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1679662116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1733496734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53834618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1679662116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1733496734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53834618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1679662116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1733496734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.356478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.359125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.359125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1794487.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 797939.247506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811942.264169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1794487.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 797939.247506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811942.264169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1794487.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 797939.247506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811942.264169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                315                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     315                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            2135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           2135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51200618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1494819140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1546019758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51200618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1494819140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1546019758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51200618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1494819140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1546019758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.356478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1706687.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 710127.857482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724131.034192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1706687.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 710127.857482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724131.034192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1706687.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 710127.857482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724131.034192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1331                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.551041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         158741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        46.978692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.041579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.463178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   622.447182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1369.599101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.013898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.303929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.668750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3129                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3131                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78933784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1076884093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1155817877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78933784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1076884093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1155817877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78933784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1076884093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1155817877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1973344.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 834147.244771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 868383.078137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1973344.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 834147.244771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 868383.078137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1973344.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 834147.244771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 868383.078137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                570                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     570                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75421784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    963500293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038922077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75421784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    963500293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038922077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75421784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    963500293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038922077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1885544.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 746899.451938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781144.418797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1885544.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 746899.451938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781144.418797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1885544.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 746899.451938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781144.418797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          978                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.460205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         182324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        60.252479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.460205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.724955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   456.862368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1523.412677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.014026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.223077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.743854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3188                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3190                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 978                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94485475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    813088090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     907573565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94485475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    813088090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      907573565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94485475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    813088090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     907573565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              4151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               4168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              4168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.229405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2778984.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861322.129237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927989.330266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2778984.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861322.129237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927989.330266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2778984.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861322.129237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927989.330266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91500275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730179685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    821679960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91500275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730179685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    821679960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91500275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730179685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    821679960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.229405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2691184.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773495.429025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840163.558282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2691184.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773495.429025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840163.558282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2691184.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773495.429025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840163.558282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          979                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.461494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         182328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.233895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.461494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.723349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   457.625451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1522.651200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.223450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.743482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3191                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3193                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93738286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    786533636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     880271922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93738286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    786533636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      880271922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93738286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    786533636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     880271922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.229612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.228668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.228668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2757008.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 831430.904863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 898236.655102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2757008.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 831430.904863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 898236.655102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2757008.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 831430.904863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 898236.655102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90752087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    703543572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    794295659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90752087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    703543572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    794295659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90752087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    703543572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    794295659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.229612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.228668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.228668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2669179.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 743703.564482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810505.774490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2669179.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 743703.564482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810505.774490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2669179.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 743703.564482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810505.774490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         2019                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.483185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         180259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         4067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        44.322351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          48.009134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.181635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   853.109147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1123.183270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.416557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.548429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3831                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3832                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                2013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 2016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                2016                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74534863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1680689642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1755224505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2831225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2831225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74534863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1683520867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1758055730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74534863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1683520867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1758055730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.341274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2070412.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850121.214972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871944.612519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 943741.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943741.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2070412.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850263.064141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 872051.453373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2070412.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850263.064141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 872051.453373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               1139                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    1139                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            2016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           2016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71373077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1507090632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1578463709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2567825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2567825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71373077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1509658457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581031534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71373077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1509658457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581031534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.341274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982585.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 762311.902883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784134.977149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 855941.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855941.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982585.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 762453.766162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784241.832341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982585.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 762453.766162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784241.832341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2009                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.516136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         180274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        44.435297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          48.040169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.357151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   847.518563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1129.600253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.413827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.551563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2081                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                2081                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3844                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3845                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1972                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2007                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64090949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1693118923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1757209872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2453861                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2453861                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64090949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1695572784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1759663733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64090949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1695572784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1759663733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            2081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.342960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.342960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1831169.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 859451.229949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 876413.901247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1226930.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1226930.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1831169.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 859823.926978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 876763.195316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1831169.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 859823.926978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 876763.195316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               1139                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    1139                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     61005199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1519383196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1580388395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2277511                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2277511                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     61005199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1521660707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1582665906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     61005199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1521660707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1582665906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1743005.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 771260.505584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788223.638404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1138755.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1138755.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1743005.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 771633.218560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788572.947683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1743005.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 771633.218560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788572.947683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         3588                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.896791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         154584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        27.427963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.028690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.050718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1198.296944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         829.520439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.585106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.405039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4806                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4807                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                3582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 3588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                3588                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72563526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3369116639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3441680165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7605353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7605353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72563526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3376721992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     3449285518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72563526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3376721992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    3449285518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              8386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               8395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              8395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.424790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.427140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073243.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 949849.630392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960826.400056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1267558.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1267558.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073243.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 950386.150296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961339.330546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073243.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 950386.150296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961339.330546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            3588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           3588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69490526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3057690039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3127180565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7078553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7078553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69490526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3064768592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134259118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69490526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3064768592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134259118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.424790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985443.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 862049.630392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873026.400056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1179758.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1179758.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985443.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 862586.150296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873539.330546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985443.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 862586.150296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873539.330546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         2134                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.812304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         121241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         4182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        28.991153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.739592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.266568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   932.769920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1067.036224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.008919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.455454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.521014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            670                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 670                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3770                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3771                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                2134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 2134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2103                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                2134                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61762158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1685763031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1747525189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61762158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1685763031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1747525189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61762158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1685763031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1747525189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1992327.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 801599.158821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818896.527179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1992327.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 801599.158821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818896.527179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1992327.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 801599.158821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818896.527179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            2134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           2134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59039109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1501066203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560105312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59039109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1501066203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560105312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59039109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1501066203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560105312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1904487.387097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 713773.753210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731070.905342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1904487.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 713773.753210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731070.905342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1904487.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 713773.753210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731070.905342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1325                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.510548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         158742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        47.062556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.038864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.870115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   620.943843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1372.657726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.013120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.303195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.670243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3130                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3132                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1287                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1325                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68829354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1047936174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1116765528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68829354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1047936174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1116765528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68829354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1047936174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1116765528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              4439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               4457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              4457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.298491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.297285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.297285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1811298.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 814247.221445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842841.907925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1811298.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 814247.221445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 842841.907925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1811298.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 814247.221445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 842841.907925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                568                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     568                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65492256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    933208277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    998700533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65492256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    933208277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    998700533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65492256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    933208277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    998700533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1723480.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 725667.400467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754305.538520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1723480.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 725667.400467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754305.538520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1723480.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 725667.400467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754305.538520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2039                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.553812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         180275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        44.109371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.747153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.565755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   855.761606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1121.479298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.011018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.417852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.547597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3841                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3842                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2037                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67306694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1684549272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1751855966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2453687                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2453687                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67306694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1687002959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1754309653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67306694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1687002959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1754309653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              5862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1869630.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 842695.983992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860862.882555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1226843.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1226843.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1869630.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843079.939530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861222.215513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1869630.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843079.939530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861222.215513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               1142                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    1142                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64145894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1509090636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1573236530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2278087                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2278087                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64145894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1511368723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575514617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64145894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1511368723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575514617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1781830.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 754922.779390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773089.203931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1139043.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1139043.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1781830.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755306.708146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773448.511046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1781830.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755306.708146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773448.511046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1972                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.485988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         180253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4020                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        44.839055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          48.497962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.737848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   844.941819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1131.308359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.011102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.412569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.552397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2075                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                2075                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3830                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3831                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1933                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1969                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71792957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1653284456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1725077413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3501008                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3501008                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71792957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1656785464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1728578421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71792957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1656785464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1728578421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2075                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            2075                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.335944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.340021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.335416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.335416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1994248.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 856624.070466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877455.449135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1167002.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1167002.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1994248.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 857105.775479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877896.607923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1994248.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 857105.775479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877896.607923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               1116                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    1116                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68631057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1483766548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1552397605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3237608                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3237608                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68631057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1487004156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1555635213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68631057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1487004156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1555635213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.335944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.335416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.335416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1906418.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 768790.957513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789622.383011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1079202.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1079202.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1906418.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 769272.713916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790063.592179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1906418.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 769272.713916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790063.592179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          979                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.461848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         182325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        60.232904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.461848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.727967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   457.102393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1523.169640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.014027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.223195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.743735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3189                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3191                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 979                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95973008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    807120114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     903093122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95973008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    807120114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      903093122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95973008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    807120114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     903093122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              4153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               4170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              4170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.229536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.228592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.228592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2822735.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 854095.358730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922464.884576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2822735.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 854095.358730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922464.884576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2822735.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 854095.358730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922464.884576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92987708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    724130039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    817117747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92987708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    724130039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    817117747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92987708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    724130039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    817117747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.229536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.228592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.228592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2734932.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 766275.173545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834645.298264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2734932.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 766275.173545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834645.298264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2734932.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 766275.173545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834645.298264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              520.598485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1907144.207619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.598485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21960.845596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.095952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.904048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.109000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8585180147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8585180147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660968819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8660968819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660968819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8660968819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 447005.110226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447005.110226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448731.610746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448731.610746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448731.610746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448731.610746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3386919127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3386919127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395767348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395767348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395767348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395767348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463200.099426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463200.099426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463396.199236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463396.199236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463396.199236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463396.199236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              569.091340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1026180110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1772331.796200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.680063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.411278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.044359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1238784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1238784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1238784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1238784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1238784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97760990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97760990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97760990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97760990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97760990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97760990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1238837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1238837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1238837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1844546.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1844546.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1844546.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1844546.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1844546.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1844546.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       566496                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       566496                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68892345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68892345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68892345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68892345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68892345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68892345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1913676.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1913676.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1913676.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1913676.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1913676.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1913676.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 8377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              404543406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             46860.118846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.130152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.869848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.434102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.565898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3233675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3233675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1769950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1769950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      5003625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        5003625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      5003625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       5003625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        30504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        30534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        30534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        30534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        30534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14051672034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14051672034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     36488926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36488926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14088160960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14088160960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14088160960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14088160960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3264179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3264179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1769980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1769980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      5034159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5034159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      5034159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5034159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 460650.145358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 460650.145358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1216297.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1216297.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 461392.577455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 461392.577455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 461392.577455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 461392.577455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        22136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        22157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        22157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3682613360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3682613360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12001414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12001414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3694614774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3694614774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3694614774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3694614774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440082.858509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 440082.858509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1333490.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1333490.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441042.709084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 441042.709084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441042.709084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 441042.709084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              512.454728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              996849706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1920712.342967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.454728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.048806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1287260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1287260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1287260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1287260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1287260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1287260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97971264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97971264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97971264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97971264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97971264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97971264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1287311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1287311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1287311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1287311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1287311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1287311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1921005.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1921005.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1921005.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1921005.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1921005.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1921005.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73821042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73821042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73821042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73821042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73821042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73821042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1995163.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995163.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1995163.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995163.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1995163.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995163.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5839                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              157769991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             25885.150287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.849994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.150006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.886133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.113867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       906054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        906054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       765547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1671601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1671601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1671601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1671601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        20847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        20847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8354786720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8354786720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    470374708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    470374708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8825161428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8825161428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8825161428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8825161428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       926222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       926222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       766226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       766226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1692448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1692448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1692448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1692448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 414259.555732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414259.555732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 692746.256259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 692746.256259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 423330.044035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 423330.044035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 423330.044035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 423330.044035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5883224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 588322.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1966994657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1966994657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2816571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2816571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1969811228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1969811228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1969811228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1969811228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337797.468144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337797.468144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165680.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165680.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337296.443151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337296.443151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337296.443151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337296.443151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              507.322801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              995623141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1933248.817476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.322801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.051799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1360039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1360039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1360039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1360039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1360039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1360039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93718423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93718423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93718423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93718423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93718423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93718423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1360094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1360094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1360094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1360094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1360094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1360094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1703971.327273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1703971.327273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1703971.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1703971.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1703971.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1703971.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71116167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71116167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71116167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71116167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71116167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71116167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1777904.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1777904.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1777904.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1777904.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1777904.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1777904.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              151947224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             32529.913081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.737709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.262291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.873975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.126025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       935140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        935140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       785349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1720489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1720489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1720489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1720489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        14181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        14181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4628769990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4628769990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8576438                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8576438                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4637346428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4637346428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4637346428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4637346428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       949217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       949217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       785453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1734670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1734670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1734670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1734670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 328817.929246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 328817.929246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82465.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82465.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 327011.242367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327011.242367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 327011.242367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327011.242367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9766                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9766                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1259557514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1259557514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1185367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1260742881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1260742881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1260742881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1260742881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286458.383898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286458.383898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65853.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65853.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 285558.976444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285558.976444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 285558.976444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285558.976444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              552.349768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              915118931                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1639998.084229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    26.288797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.060971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.042129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1300384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1300384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1300384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1300384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1300384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1300384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69924500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69924500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69924500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69924500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69924500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69924500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1300428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1300428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1300428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1300428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1300428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1300428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1589193.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1589193.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1589193.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1589193.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1589193.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1589193.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54179297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54179297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54179297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54179297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54179297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54179297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1747719.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1747719.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1747719.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1747719.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1747719.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1747719.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5914                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              204392549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 6170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             33126.831280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   185.699896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    70.300104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.725390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.274610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1934401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1934401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       354101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          828                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          828                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2288502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2288502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2288502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2288502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        20982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        20982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9485449189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9485449189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3163062                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3163062                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9488612251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9488612251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9488612251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9488612251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1955346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1955346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       354138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2309484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2309484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2309484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2309484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 452874.155598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452874.155598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85488.162162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85488.162162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 452226.301163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452226.301163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 452226.301163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452226.301163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15068                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15068                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1946258598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946258598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1946835498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946835498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1946835498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946835498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 329595.020830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329595.020830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 329190.987149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329190.987149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 329190.987149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329190.987149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              508.828696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              995622573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs                  1925769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.828696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.054213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1359471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1359471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1359471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1359471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1359471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1359471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     96876934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96876934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     96876934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96876934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     96876934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96876934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1359528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1359528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1359528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1359528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1359528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1359528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1699595.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1699595.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1699595.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1699595.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1699595.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1699595.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       308948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       308948                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79410196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79410196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79410196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79410196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79410196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79410196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1890718.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1890718.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1890718.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1890718.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1890718.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1890718.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              151946508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             32494.976048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.764214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.235786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.874079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.125921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       934333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        934333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       785429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1719762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1719762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1719762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1719762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        14143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        14143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4732891040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4732891040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8794962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8794962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4741686002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4741686002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4741686002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4741686002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       948370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       948370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       785535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1733905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1733905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1733905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1733905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.014801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337172.546840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337172.546840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 82971.339623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82971.339623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 335267.340875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335267.340875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 335267.340875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335267.340875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1290297995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1290297995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1185561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1291483556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291483556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1291483556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291483556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 293116.309632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293116.309632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65864.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65864.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 292190.849774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292190.849774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 292190.849774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292190.849774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              486.952217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998753878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2034121.951120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.952217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.051205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1391358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1391358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1391358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1391358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1391358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1391358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    147377288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147377288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    147377288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    147377288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    147377288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    147377288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1391406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1391406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1391406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1391406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1391406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1391406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3070360.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3070360.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3070360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3070360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3070360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3070360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2072964                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       690988                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94915443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94915443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94915443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94915443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94915443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94915443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2636540.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2636540.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2636540.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2636540.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2636540.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2636540.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 4132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148298315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             33796.334321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   218.552487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    37.447513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.853721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.146279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1108604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       822285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1930889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1930889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1930889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1930889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        10741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        10741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2447533136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2447533136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7200888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7200888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2454734024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2454734024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2454734024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2454734024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1119241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       822389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1941630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1941630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1941630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1941630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 230096.186519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230096.186519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69239.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69239.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 228538.685783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228538.685783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 228538.685783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228538.685783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1027710563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027710563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1200694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1200694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1028911257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028911257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1028911257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028911257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 249747.402916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249747.402916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 70629.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70629.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 249010.468780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249010.468780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 249010.468780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249010.468780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              486.960515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              998756013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2034126.299389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.960515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.051219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1393493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1393493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1393493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1393493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1393493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1393493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144143401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144143401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144143401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144143401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144143401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144143401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1393541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1393541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1393541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1393541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1393541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3002987.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3002987.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3002987.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3002987.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3002987.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3002987.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2732231                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 683057.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94150076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94150076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94150076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94150076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94150076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94150076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2615279.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2615279.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2615279.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2615279.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2615279.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2615279.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148301312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             33766.236794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   218.595798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    37.404202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.853890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.146110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1110327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       823555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1933882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1933882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1933882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1933882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        10754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        10754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2394989796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2394989796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7231637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7231637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2402221433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2402221433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2402221433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2402221433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1120977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1120977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       823659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1944636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1944636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1944636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1944636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 224881.670986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224881.670986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69534.971154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69534.971154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 223379.340989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223379.340989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 223379.340989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223379.340989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1001359298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1001359298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1204286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1204286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1002563584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002563584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1002563584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002563584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 243048.373301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243048.373301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70840.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70840.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 242340.726130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242340.726130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 242340.726130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242340.726130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              512.684321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              996849480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1920711.907514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.684321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1287034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1287034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1287034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1287034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1287034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1287034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100867939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100867939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100867939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100867939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100867939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100867939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1287084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1287084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1287084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1287084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1287084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1287084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2017358.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2017358.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2017358.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2017358.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2017358.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2017358.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74900386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74900386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74900386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74900386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74900386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74900386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2024334.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024334.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2024334.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024334.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2024334.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024334.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5811                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              157767954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 6067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             26004.277897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.836915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.163085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.886082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.113918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       904362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        904362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       765155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1669517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1669517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1669517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1669517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        20646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        20646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8272586648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8272586648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    494881515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    494881515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8767468163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8767468163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8767468163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8767468163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       924325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       924325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       765838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       765838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1690163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1690163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1690163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1690163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 414395.964935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414395.964935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 724570.300146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 724570.300146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 424656.987455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424656.987455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 424656.987455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424656.987455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6477173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 647717.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14835                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14835                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1948152709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1948152709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3817625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3817625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1951970334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1951970334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1951970334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1951970334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336294.270499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336294.270499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 212090.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212090.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335909.539494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335909.539494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335909.539494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335909.539494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              512.021995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              996848573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1924418.094595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    30.021995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.048112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1286127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1286127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1286127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1286127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1286127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1286127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86899392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86899392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86899392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86899392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86899392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86899392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1286175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1286175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1286175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1286175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1286175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1286175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1810404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1810404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1810404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1810404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1810404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1810404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64460538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64460538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64460538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64460538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64460538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64460538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1790570.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790570.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1790570.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790570.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1790570.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790570.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5815                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              157768110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 6071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             25987.170153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   226.820264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    29.179736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.886017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.113983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       905013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        905013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       764670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       764670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1669683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1669683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1669683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1669683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        20650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        20650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8320775099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8320775099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    449123791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    449123791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8769898890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8769898890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8769898890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8769898890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       924979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       924979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       765354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       765354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1690333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1690333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1690333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1690333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 416747.225233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 416747.225233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 656613.729532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 656613.729532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 424692.440194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424692.440194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 424692.440194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424692.440194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4708565                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 523173.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            2081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14834                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14834                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1961406592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1961406592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3442046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3442046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1964848638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1964848638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1964848638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1964848638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 338231.866184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338231.866184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 202473.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202473.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 337835.047799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337835.047799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 337835.047799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337835.047799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              569.467921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1026178289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1772328.651123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.057774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.410146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.044964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1236963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1236963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1236963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1236963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1236963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97498326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97498326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97498326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97498326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97498326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97498326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1237015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1237015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1237015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1237015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1237015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1237015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1874967.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1874967.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72919570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72919570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72919570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72919570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72919570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72919570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2025543.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025543.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              404539438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             46957.566802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.131664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.868336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.434108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.565892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3231275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3231275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1768385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1768385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4999660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4999660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4999660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4999660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        30487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        30487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14211776516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14211776516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     26274114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26274114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14238050630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14238050630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14238050630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14238050630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3261732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3261732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1768415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1768415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5030147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5030147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5030147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5030147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 466617.740290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466617.740290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 875803.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 875803.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3726731598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3726731598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7847453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7847453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3734579051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3734579051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3734579051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3734579051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446315.161437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446315.161437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 871939.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871939.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              554.437765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              915116623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1637060.148479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.376275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.061490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.045475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1298076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1298076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1298076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1298076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1298076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1298076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84407955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84407955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84407955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84407955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84407955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84407955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1298123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1298123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1298123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1298123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1298123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1298123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1795913.936170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1795913.936170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1795913.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1795913.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1795913.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1795913.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62096200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62096200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62096200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62096200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62096200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62096200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1940506.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1940506.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1940506.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1940506.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1940506.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1940506.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5873                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              204389106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 6129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             33347.871757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   184.490227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    71.509773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.720665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.279335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1931678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1931678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       353379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       353379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2285057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2285057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2285057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2285057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        20891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        20891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9586953282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9586953282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3145693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3145693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9590098975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9590098975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9590098975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9590098975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1952532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1952532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       353416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2305948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2305948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2305948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2305948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459717.717560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459717.717560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85018.729730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85018.729730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459054.089081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459054.089081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459054.089081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459054.089081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1949893496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1949893496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1950470396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1950470396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1950470396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1950470396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332519.354707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332519.354707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332108.019070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332108.019070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332108.019070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332108.019070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              507.344132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              995624094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1933250.667961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    32.344132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.051834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1360992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1360992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1360992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1360992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1360992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1360992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     92494014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92494014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     92494014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92494014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     92494014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92494014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1361049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1361049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1361049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1361049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1361049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1361049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1622702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1622702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1622702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1622702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1622702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1622702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69277515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69277515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69277515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69277515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69277515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69277515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1731937.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731937.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1731937.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731937.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1731937.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731937.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4417                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              151948418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             32516.246095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   223.799461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    32.200539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.874217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.125783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       935782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        935782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       785901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1721683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1721683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        14185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        14185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4664649410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4664649410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8656424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8656424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4673305834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4673305834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4673305834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4673305834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       949863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       949863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       786005                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       786005                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1735868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1735868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1735868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1735868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 331272.594986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331272.594986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83234.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83234.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 329454.059499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 329454.059499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 329454.059499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 329454.059499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1261432264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1261432264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1196472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1196472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1262628736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1262628736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1262628736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1262628736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 286754.322346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286754.322346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66470.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66470.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 285856.630292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285856.630292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 285856.630292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285856.630292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              512.444437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              996849832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1920712.585742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.444437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.048789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1287386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1287386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1287386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1287386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1287386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1287386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91322843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91322843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91322843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91322843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91322843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91322843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1287434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1287434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1287434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1287434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1287434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1287434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1902559.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1902559.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1902559.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1902559.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1902559.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1902559.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67689551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67689551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67689551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67689551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67689551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67689551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1829447.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829447.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1829447.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829447.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1829447.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829447.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5841                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              157769994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             25876.659669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   226.850195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    29.149805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.886134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.113866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       906048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        906048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       765556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1671604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1671604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1671604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1671604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        20855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        20855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8230111637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8230111637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    516741810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    516741810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8746853447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8746853447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8746853447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8746853447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       926224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       926224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       766235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       766235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1692459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1692459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1692459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1692459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 407915.921739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407915.921739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761033.593520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 761033.593520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 419412.776169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419412.776169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 419412.776169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419412.776169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6507717                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 650771.700000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1952852110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1952852110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3446744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3446744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1956298854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956298854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1956298854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956298854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335253.581116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335253.581116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 202749.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202749.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334867.999658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334867.999658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334867.999658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334867.999658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              512.331658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              996848394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1920709.815029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    30.331658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.048608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1285948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1285948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1285948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1285948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1285948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1285948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97357153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97357153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97357153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97357153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97357153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97357153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1285998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1285998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1285998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1285998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1285998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1285998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1947143.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1947143.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1947143.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1947143.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1947143.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1947143.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72172885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72172885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72172885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72172885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72172885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72172885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1950618.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1950618.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1950618.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1950618.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1950618.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1950618.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              157768153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             26211.688486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   226.820433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    29.179567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.886017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.113983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       905526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        905526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       764214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       764214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1822                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1822                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1669740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1669740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1669740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1669740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        20491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        20491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8257935712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8257935712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    457049694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    457049694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8714985406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8714985406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8714985406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8714985406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       925334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       925334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       764897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       764897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1822                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1822                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1690231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1690231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1690231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1690231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 416899.016155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 416899.016155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 669179.639824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 669179.639824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 425307.959885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425307.959885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 425307.959885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425307.959885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3550551                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 355055.100000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            2075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1920237145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1920237145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4487408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4487408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1924724553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1924724553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1924724553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1924724553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 334244.933856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334244.933856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 249300.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249300.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333979.620510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333979.620510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333979.620510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333979.620510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              486.957949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              998754627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2034123.476578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.957949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1392107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1392107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1392107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1392107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1392107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149034115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149034115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149034115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149034115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149034115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149034115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1392155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1392155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1392155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3104877.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3104877.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3104877.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3104877.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3104877.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3104877.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2727820                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 909273.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96387950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96387950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96387950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96387950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96387950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96387950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2677443.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2677443.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2677443.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2677443.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2677443.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2677443.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148299387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             33781.181549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   218.587809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    37.412191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.853859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.146141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1109235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       822725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1931960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1931960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1931960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1931960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        10746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        10746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2445345944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2445345944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7234728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7234728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2452580672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2452580672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2452580672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2452580672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1119877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       822829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2093                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2093                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1942706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1942706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1942706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1942706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 229782.554407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229782.554407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69564.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69564.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 228231.962777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228231.962777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 228231.962777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228231.962777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1021829705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1021829705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1204710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1204710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1023034415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1023034415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1023034415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1023034415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 248197.645130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248197.645130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70865.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70865.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 247468.411950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247468.411950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 247468.411950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247468.411950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
