
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010170                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10170361035                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536357345799                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 303310                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   383004                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 191149                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67610320                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53206.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16138083503                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20378299572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       141440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       374528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       394624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       392576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       247040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       400512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       385024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       265600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       187008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       386944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       263168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       151168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       407040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       384640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       379392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       406400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5237888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1086976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1086976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 40921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       465667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13907078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       427910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36825438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       427910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     38801376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       440496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     38600006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       427910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24290190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       440496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39380313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       453081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     37857456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       352397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     26115100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       503424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     18387548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     38046240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       352397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     25875974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       490838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     14863582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       440496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     40022178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       453081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     37819700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       453081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     37303690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       402739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39959250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               515014952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       465667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       427910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       427910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       440496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       427910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       440496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       453081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       352397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       503424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       352397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       490838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       440496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       453081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       453081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       402739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6959832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         106876835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              106876835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         106876835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       465667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13907078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       427910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36825438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       427910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     38801376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       440496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     38600006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       427910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24290190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       440496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39380313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       453081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     37857456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       352397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     26115100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       503424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     18387548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       427910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     38046240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       352397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     25875974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       490838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     14863582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       440496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     40022178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       453081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     37819700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       453081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     37303690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       402739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39959250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              621891787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211676                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841341                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202437                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847696                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808045                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237532                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9496                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19222913                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12127159                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211676                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1045577                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2527458                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        564937                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       638723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1195434                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193502                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     22749736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20222278     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154789      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195251      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310249      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130291      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168287      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         194948      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          90164      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283479      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     22749736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090682                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497232                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19108846                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       763890                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2515386                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1255                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       360357                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336502                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14824839                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1637                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       360357                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19128697                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         62694                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       646527                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2496755                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54702                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14733324                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38039                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20572812                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68508500                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68508500                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3384762                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1847                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          193134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382341                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721213                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8115                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164725                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14380408                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3569                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13787253                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13863                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1760966                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3598890                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22749736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16907304     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2663987     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090788      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610583      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826810      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254742      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250404      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134377      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10741      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22749736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94542     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13040     10.87%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12333     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11614306     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188384      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264115      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718743      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13787253                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565298                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119915                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008698                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50458020                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16145026                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13426038                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13907168                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10295                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       264999                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           86                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       360357                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47853                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6024                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383984                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11127                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382341                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721213                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1848                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5280                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           86                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118816                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114346                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233162                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13545620                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243108                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1961736                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915425                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718628                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555391                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13426127                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13426038                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8044536                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21607676                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.550488                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372300                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2061679                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       203953                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22389379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17172359     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2644490     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960627      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477968      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437011      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183493      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181887      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86475      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245069      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22389379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       245069                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36528267                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29128450                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                293771                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1639620                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.438935                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.438935                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410015                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410015                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60946354                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18759275                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13708318                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1977701                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1617228                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195279                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       840346                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         779882                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         202974                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8746                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19203560                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11218071                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1977701                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       982856                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2350822                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        565335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       339748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1182443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196567                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22259972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19909150     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         127577      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         201273      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         318861      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         133150      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         149940      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         158095      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         103699      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1158227      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22259972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081089                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459958                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19027419                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       517699                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2343238                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       365539                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       324202                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13698256                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       365539                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19056469                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        169084                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       264343                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2320792                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        83743                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13688904                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        23724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        31149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4475                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19004488                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     63673046                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     63673046                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16213014                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2791470                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3471                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1902                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          253115                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1306868                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       701536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21197                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       157457                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13668419                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3482                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12935836                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16318                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1740404                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3864537                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          320                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22259972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16805414     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2189309      9.84%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1197329      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       816688      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       761794      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220320      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170906      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58103      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40109      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22259972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3088     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9629     39.19%     51.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11854     48.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10836270     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204241      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1196510      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697247      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12935836                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530389                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24571                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001899                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48172533                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15412457                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12725426                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12960407                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38766                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       236810                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21145                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          830                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       365539                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        114224                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11883                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13671920                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1306868                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701536                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1903                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8850                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113509                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111623                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       225132                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12750272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125325                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185564                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1822241                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1793824                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           696916                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522780                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12725648                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12725426                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7441249                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        19434091                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521761                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382897                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9523366                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11673165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1998773                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       199129                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21894433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17153809     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2295811     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894922      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481412      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360394      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201310      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124166      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110720      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271889      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21894433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9523366                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11673165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1750449                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1070058                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1675503                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10518528                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       237163                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       271889                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35294417                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          27709441                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                311758                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2129384                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9523366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11673165                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9523366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.561002                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.561002                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390472                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390472                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       57497308                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      17642095                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12776365                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3158                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1899972                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1713831                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101569                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       730945                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         676765                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104825                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4449                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20132635                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11956089                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1899972                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       781590                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2363124                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        318764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       458715                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1157509                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101852                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23169182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20806058     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          83994      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         172306      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          72484      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         391800      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         349394      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          68037      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         141788      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1083321      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23169182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077902                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.490217                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20019044                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       573817                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2354382                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7466                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       214468                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       167131                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14018520                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       214468                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20040286                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        403887                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       104895                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2341881                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        63760                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14010019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        26556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        23349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          512                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16457996                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     65984710                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     65984710                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     14570965                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1887031                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1681                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          878                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          163560                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3303434                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1670169                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        81379                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13980369                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1687                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13437063                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7254                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1091636                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2610251                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           68                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23169182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18398220     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1425794      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174172      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505678      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643407      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622212      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354332      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27725      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17642      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23169182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34087     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265085     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7663      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8431397     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117540      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          803      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3221151     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666172     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13437063                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.550940                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306835                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50357397                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15074047                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13321091                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13743898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24848                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129665                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          356                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10855                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1192                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       214468                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        368608                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17299                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13982069                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3303434                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670169                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          878                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11769                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          356                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60021                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       118619                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13342507                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3210255                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94556                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            4876267                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1747366                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1666012                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.547063                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13321618                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13321091                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7195411                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14176987                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.546185                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507542                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10814384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12708357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1275035                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1619                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       103559                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22954714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18348014     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1679628      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788655      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       780414      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211650      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907606      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67607      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49215      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121925      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22954714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10814384                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12708357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4833083                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3173769                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1677728                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11301124                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       123016                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       121925                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           36816155                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          28181286                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                443210                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1220174                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10814384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12708357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10814384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.255270                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.255270                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443406                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443406                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       65957956                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      15475578                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      16688568                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1618                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1896534                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1710580                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       102162                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       844461                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677171                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104620                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4444                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20137909                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11935310                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1896534                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       781791                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2359848                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        318877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       452941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1158167                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102532                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23164897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20805049     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          83986      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         171478      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          72442      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         391943      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         349604      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          68460      0.30%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         141452      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1080483      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23164897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077761                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489366                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20023208                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       569113                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2351182                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7431                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       213958                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       166916                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13996061                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1442                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       213958                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20044538                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        399663                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       104070                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2338554                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        64109                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13987545                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        26580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        23433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          693                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16431382                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     65881220                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     65881220                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     14552880                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1878481                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1675                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          873                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          164265                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3299944                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1668567                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15192                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        81079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13958163                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1680                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13421779                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7126                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1081526                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2576942                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           65                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23164897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18395469     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1428229      6.17%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174635      5.07%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       504513      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       641566      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       621239      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       353918      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27850      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17478      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23164897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34015     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       264774     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7654      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8422196     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117085      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          802      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3217304     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1664392     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13421779                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.550313                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306443                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50322023                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15041727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13305933                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13728222                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24395                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130098                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          359                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11312                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1189                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       213958                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        364304                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17085                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13959855                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3299944                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1668567                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          873                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          359                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59226                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59928                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       119154                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13326980                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3206043                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94798                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4870260                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1745293                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1664217                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546426                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13306433                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13305933                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7185780                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        14156574                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545563                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507593                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10800996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12692655                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1268330                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1615                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       104176                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22950939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18349337     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1678054      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788346      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       778310      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211930      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       906676      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67526      0.29%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49357      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121403      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22950939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10800996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12692655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4827092                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3169842                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               806                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1675699                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11287140                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       122872                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       121403                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36790495                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28135980                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                443857                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1224459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10800996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12692655                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10800996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.258065                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.258065                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442857                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442857                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       65882850                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      15459014                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      16662278                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1614                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1982383                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1625546                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196616                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       832196                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         774183                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203769                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8845                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18959621                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11268396                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1982383                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       977952                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2478318                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        557457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       610783                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1169447                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194978                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     22406486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       19928168     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         268391      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         309591      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         171072      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         196449      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         108698      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          74788      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         191868      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1157461      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     22406486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081281                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462021                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18804429                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       769246                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2457615                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19488                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       355706                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       321568                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2058                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13755791                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        10727                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       355706                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18834610                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        249971                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       435922                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2448064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        82211                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13746573                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        19833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        39105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19105060                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     64007862                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     64007862                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     16300847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2804172                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3596                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2005                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          223083                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1316214                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       714949                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18092                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       157578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13724898                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3600                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12970645                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18634                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1720018                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3974909                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          398                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22406486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16941620     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2199160      9.81%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1181959      5.28%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       814874      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       714072      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       365440      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88901      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57629      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42831      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22406486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3293     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12218     43.23%     54.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12752     45.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10855564     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202377      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1588      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1201871      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709245      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12970645                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531816                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28263                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48394671                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15448646                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12751574                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12998908                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32452                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       235731                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           79                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          131                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15828                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          794                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       355706                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        204736                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13241                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13728525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1316214                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       714949                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2001                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9487                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          131                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113907                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110092                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       223999                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12776162                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1127193                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194481                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1836211                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1787320                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           709018                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523842                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12751884                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12751574                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7578663                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        19850754                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522834                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381782                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9573408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11745745                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1982952                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3202                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       197547                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22050780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17252422     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2225028     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932694      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       559623      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       388254      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251088      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130263      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104838      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206570      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22050780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9573408                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11745745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1779604                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1080483                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1598                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1681124                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10589254                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       239018                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       206570                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           35572842                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27813128                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                292443                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1982870                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9573408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11745745                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9573408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.547615                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.547615                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392524                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392524                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       57638118                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17699194                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12837748                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1898579                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1712546                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101532                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       748967                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         676425                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104742                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4459                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20132159                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11951540                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1898579                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       781167                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2362264                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        318749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       456208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1157542                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101946                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23165351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20803087     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          84107      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         171735      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          72480      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         391941      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         349235      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          68194      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         141592      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1082980      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23165351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077845                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.490031                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20017682                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       572111                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2353669                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         7403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       214481                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       167066                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14014532                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1456                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       214481                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20038652                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        402756                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       104778                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2341421                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        63258                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14006450                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        26445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        23090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          562                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16451798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     65971397                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     65971397                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     14564497                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        1887256                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1634                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          831                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          161956                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3303947                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1670261                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15286                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        81137                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13976842                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1639                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13432821                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7236                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1094053                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2618234                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23165351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18395762     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1425298      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174183      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505614      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       642928      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       621907      2.68%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354092      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28020      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17547      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23165351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34045     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265066     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7696      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8427698     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117430      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          803      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3220840     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666050     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13432821                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.550766                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306807                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50345032                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15072890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13316310                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13739628                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24397                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          357                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11197                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1191                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       214481                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        367648                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17234                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13978494                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          193                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3303947                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670261                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          831                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11645                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          357                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60083                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       118607                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13337764                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3209555                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        95053                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            4875406                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1746474                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1665851                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.546868                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13316818                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13316310                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7192237                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14172878                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.545989                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507465                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10810635                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12703718                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1275964                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       103532                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22950870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18346368     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1678064      7.31%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788652      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       779914      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211693      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907756      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67572      0.29%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49184      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121667      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22950870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10810635                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12703718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              4832421                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             3173358                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1677050                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11296947                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       122914                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       121667                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36808859                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28173912                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                443204                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1224005                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10810635                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12703718                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10810635                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.256052                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.256052                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.443252                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.443252                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       65936273                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      15469203                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      16683196                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1974237                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1614334                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195706                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       838808                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         777783                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         202750                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8757                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19189256                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11200089                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1974237                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       980533                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2346269                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        566458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       343070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1181924                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196976                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22245118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       19898849     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         126983      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         200189      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         318438      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         132720      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         149507      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         157744      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         104277      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1156411      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22245118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080947                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459220                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19012555                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       521546                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2338776                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6023                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       366216                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       323706                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13677726                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1690                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       366216                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19041478                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        171330                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       266348                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2316362                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        83382                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13668862                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        23597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        31346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4109                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18975385                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     63579248                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     63579248                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16181832                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2793553                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3475                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1906                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          253512                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1305166                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       700695                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21189                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       159880                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13649519                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3485                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12916859                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16494                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1742122                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3868357                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          327                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22245118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16799030     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2185605      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1194712      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       816470      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       761417      3.42%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       218876      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170757      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58178      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40073      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22245118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3076     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9372     38.56%     51.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11856     48.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10821073     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203757      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1194262      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       696202      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12916859                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.529610                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24304                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48119634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15395281                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12705837                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12941163                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37898                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237178                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21618                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          838                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       366216                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        115646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11859                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13653030                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1305166                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700695                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1908                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8880                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113476                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111871                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       225347                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12730462                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1122686                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       186397                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1818515                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1790639                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           695829                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.521968                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12706084                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12705837                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7429057                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19405497                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.520958                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382833                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9505138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11650722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2002334                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3158                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       199565                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21878902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17146923     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2292178     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       892701      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       480661      2.20%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359518      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201050      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124158      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110815      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       270898      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21878902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9505138                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11650722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1747065                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1067988                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1672261                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10498315                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       236702                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       270898                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35260995                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27672366                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                311744                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2144238                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9505138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11650722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9505138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.565913                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.565913                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.389725                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.389725                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       57405741                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17614682                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12755362                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1844169                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1650981                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148094                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1233332                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1216851                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107457                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4349                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19562533                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10487292                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1844169                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1324308                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2336528                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        489855                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       293185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1184667                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22533212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20196684     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         360167      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         176027      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         356454      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         110003      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         331386      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          51219      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          82563      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         868709      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22533212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075614                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.429995                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19323894                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       536551                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2331866                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1818                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       339079                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       169664                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1887                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     11692523                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         4521                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       339079                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19350975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        329193                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       125756                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2306362                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        81843                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     11674693                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        65712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     15260289                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     52850816                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     52850816                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     12312492                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2947797                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1518                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          769                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          176127                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2141736                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       332934                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2034                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        75790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         11612465                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1523                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        10854539                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7200                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2141557                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4403617                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22533212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17771807     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1485237      6.59%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1610599      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       930749      4.13%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       471399      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119120      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138251      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3245      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2805      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22533212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17798     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7361     23.65%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5972     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8487770     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82564      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          750      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1953782     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       329673      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     10854539                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.445052                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31131                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44280621                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13755579                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10575508                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     10885670                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8474                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       442706                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9268                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       339079                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        222742                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9966                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11613999                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2141736                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       332934                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3917                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          240                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99706                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57419                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       157125                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10719070                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1926677                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2256316                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1631790                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           329639                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.439498                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             10578330                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            10575508                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6405621                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        13812734                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.433612                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.463748                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8427887                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      9456680                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2157819                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1511                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       146978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22194133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18690260     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1364562      6.15%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888665      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       277599      1.25%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       467668      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89203      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56416      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51272      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308488      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22194133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8427887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      9456680                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2022696                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1699030                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1453981                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         8254683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       115232                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       308488                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           33500118                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          23568346                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                440685                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1856144                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8427887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             9456680                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8427887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.893887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.893887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.345556                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.345556                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       49878989                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      13746314                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12473349                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1510                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               24389352                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2011209                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1645220                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198456                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822227                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         789222                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207536                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8967                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19366503                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11247727                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2011209                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       996758                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2345546                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        542687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       448070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1186517                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198488                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22501778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20156232     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         108692      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         172326      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         234977      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         241159      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         204576      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         115579      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         171327      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1096910      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22501778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082463                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461174                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19172067                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       644461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2341151                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2702                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       341396                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       331187                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13801037                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1560                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       341396                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19224286                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        130893                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       394000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2292214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       118986                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13795409                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        16030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        51919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19248356                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     64175092                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     64175092                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16660536                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2587820                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3423                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1786                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          359314                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1292128                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       699268                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8235                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       223638                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13778956                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3436                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13079650                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1537810                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3682399                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22501778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16925371     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2327106     10.34%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1168473      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852169      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675597      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276318      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174241      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90357      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12146      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22501778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2647     12.23%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8029     37.09%     49.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10974     50.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11000573     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195147      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1637      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185407      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       696886      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13079650                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.536285                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21650                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48684650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15320271                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12880121                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13101300                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26507                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209477                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10542                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       341396                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        104348                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13782423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1292128                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699268                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1785                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9854                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115017                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111689                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       226706                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12896386                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1114520                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       183264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1811343                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1832043                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           696823                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528771                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12880241                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12880121                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7393507                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19929941                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.528104                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370975                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9712412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11951564                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1830866                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3305                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       200717                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22160382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17220353     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2467089     11.13%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914902      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       436764      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390497      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212405      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171294      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84022      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263056      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22160382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9712412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11951564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1771377                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1082651                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1723599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10768164                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       246186                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       263056                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           35679678                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27906275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                295508                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1887574                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9712412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11951564                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9712412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.511153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.511153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398223                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398223                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       58040300                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17940086                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12792739                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1975900                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1615598                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194945                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       841991                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         779262                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         202942                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8736                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19180201                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11206297                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1975900                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       982204                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2348300                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        563774                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       342769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1181108                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196243                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22235884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       19887584     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         127102      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         200397      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         318232      1.43%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         133573      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         150402      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         158329      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         104176      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1156089      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22235884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081015                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19005933                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       518863                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2340749                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6027                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       364310                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       324059                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13685414                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1652                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       364310                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19034166                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        170566                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       265321                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2319138                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        82381                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13676400                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         2466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        23390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        30611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4710                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18983786                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     63614298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     63614298                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16200797                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2782935                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3468                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1899                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          247593                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1306056                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       701332                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       159095                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13656261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3475                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12926757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16394                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1735534                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3850800                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          315                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22235884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16787079     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2185758      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1195283      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       816393      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762542      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220364      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170094      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58266      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40105      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22235884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3086     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9602     39.10%     51.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11871     48.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10828339     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204070      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1566      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1195852      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       696930      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12926757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530016                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24559                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001900                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48130351                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15395423                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12717358                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12951316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38756                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       236777                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21463                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          835                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       364310                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        116541                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11646                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13659762                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1306056                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701332                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1897                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8651                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113178                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       224704                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12742203                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1124665                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184554                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1821242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1792407                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           696577                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522449                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12717571                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12717358                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7436149                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        19422145                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521431                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382870                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9516235                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11664412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1995324                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3159                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       198795                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21871574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17134389     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2293917     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       893927      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481816      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360132      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201103      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124258      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110654      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271378      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21871574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9516235                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11664412                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1749127                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1069270                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1674256                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10510641                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       236988                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       271378                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35259867                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27683874                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                311393                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2153472                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9516235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11664412                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9516235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.562921                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.562921                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390180                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390180                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       57460266                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17629379                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12763744                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3156                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               24389349                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1843999                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1650459                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148155                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1231789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1216044                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107437                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4377                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19565401                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10485589                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1843999                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1323481                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2336246                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        489664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       291668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1184741                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145103                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22534029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20197783     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         360543      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         175705      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         356334      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         109696      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         331479      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          51007      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          82432      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         869050      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22534029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075607                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.429925                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19325532                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       536308                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2331470                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1889                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       338826                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       169865                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1890                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     11691336                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4513                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       338826                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19352807                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        328071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       126168                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2306091                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        82062                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     11673083                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        66113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15254584                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     52844224                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     52844224                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12313398                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2941186                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1515                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          176184                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2142488                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       332970                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        75740                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         11610923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1519                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10854437                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7168                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2139021                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4398241                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22534029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17772306     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1486172      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1609979      7.14%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       929988      4.13%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       472352      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119233      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       137978      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3266      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2755      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22534029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17809     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7336     23.58%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5971     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8487588     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82524      0.76%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          750      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1953967     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       329608      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10854437                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.445048                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31116                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44281187                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13751494                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10575166                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10885553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8184                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       443400                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9269                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       338826                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        220703                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10100                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11612448                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2142488                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       332970                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3970                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          232                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57635                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       157132                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10718748                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1926840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135689                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2256412                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1631904                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           329572                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.439485                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             10578102                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            10575166                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6405184                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13811537                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.433598                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463756                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8428423                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9457337                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2155613                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1510                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       147039                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22195203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18690906     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1364768      6.15%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888342      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       277621      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468065      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89714      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56356      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51392      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308039      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22195203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8428423                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9457337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2022789                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1699088                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1454073                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8255275                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       115245                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       308039                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           33500088                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          23564999                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                440706                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1855320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8428423                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9457337                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8428423                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.893703                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.893703                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.345578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.345578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       49877540                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      13743871                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12471705                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1508                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2209976                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840125                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202251                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847556                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808290                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237326                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9410                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19209571                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12120175                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2209976                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1045616                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2525928                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        564610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       643370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1194558                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193238                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22739379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20213451     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         154479      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         194658      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         310117      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         130437      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         168345      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         195623      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          90396      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1281873      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22739379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090612                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.496945                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19096162                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       767969                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2513815                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1214                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       360217                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       336032                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          293                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14816257                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1634                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       360217                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19116058                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         62243                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       651137                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2495096                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        54624                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14724114                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         7839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        38034                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     20559987                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     68468101                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     68468101                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     17176439                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3383548                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3544                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1839                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          192767                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1381580                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       720992                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7894                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       163610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14372754                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13780215                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13813                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1761682                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3600210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22739379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16901237     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2661965     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1088999      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610037      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826903      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254848      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250174      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134483      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10733      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22739379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94418     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13044     10.89%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12352     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11607655     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188290      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1704      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264083      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718483      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13780215                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565009                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119814                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008695                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50433436                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16138081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13418668                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13900029                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10037                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       264969                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           87                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       360217                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         47494                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6046                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14376318                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1381580                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720992                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1840                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5275                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           87                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118939                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114098                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       233037                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13538545                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1242537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1960896                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1913930                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           718359                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.555101                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13418782                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13418668                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8041298                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        21602362                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550185                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372242                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9993268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12314120                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2062265                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3441                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       203749                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22379162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17166168     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2642125     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959898      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477645      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436809      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183519      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181551      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86449      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244998      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22379162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9993268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12314120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1826372                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1116611                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1716                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1784771                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11086849                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       254296                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       244998                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36510471                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29113003                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                293405                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1649977                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9993268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12314120                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9993268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.440579                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.440579                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.409739                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.409739                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       60915111                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18750224                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13700397                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1897971                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1711883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101637                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       716100                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         675628                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104871                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4492                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20119429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11945841                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1897971                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       780499                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2361030                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        319270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       458737                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1156780                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101924                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23154348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20793318     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          84065      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         171952      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          72304      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         391369      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         349154      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          67858      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         141425      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1082903      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23154348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077820                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.489797                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20004997                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       574655                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2352389                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       214916                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       167124                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14007601                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1426                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       214916                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20026350                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        404971                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       104815                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2339821                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        63470                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13999110                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        26386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        23422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          244                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     16445065                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     65934657                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     65934657                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14553447                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1891612                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          163720                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3300544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1668711                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15183                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        81422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13969383                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1668                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13423227                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7239                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1095355                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2627647                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23154348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18388337     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1424505      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1172408      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505397      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643127      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       621248      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       353925      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27791      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17610      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23154348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34044     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       264783     86.37%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7726      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8423386     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117370      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          802      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3217336     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1664333     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13423227                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.550372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306553                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50314594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15066753                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13306534                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13729780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24275                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130458                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          348                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11336                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1186                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       214916                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        369813                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17205                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13971061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3300544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1668711                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          861                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11683                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          348                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58367                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60402                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       118769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13327904                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3206144                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        95323                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            4870268                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1745372                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1664124                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.546464                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13307049                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13306534                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7186678                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14160458                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.545588                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507517                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10801533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12693264                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1279070                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1615                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       103628                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22939432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18337981     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1677849      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       787691      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       779131      3.40%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211405      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907028      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67792      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49312      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121243      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22939432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10801533                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12693264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              4827453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             3170083                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               806                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1675774                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11287674                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       122872                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       121243                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36790497                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28159624                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                442960                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1235008                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10801533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12693264                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10801533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.257953                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.257953                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.442879                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.442879                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       65883804                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      15458462                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      16672488                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1614                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1974949                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1615070                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195396                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842042                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         778455                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203270                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8777                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19185755                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11203868                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1974949                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       981725                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2347463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        565504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       345323                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1181501                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196671                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22244448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       19896985     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         126843      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         200496      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         318441      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         132783      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         150135      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         158212      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         103862      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1156691      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22244448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.080976                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.459375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19010140                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       522797                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2339852                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         6055                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       365602                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       323636                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13683350                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1668                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       365602                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19038758                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        168096                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       270793                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2317861                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        83336                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13674455                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         2856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        23683                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        30971                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4474                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     18984521                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     63608297                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     63608297                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16190645                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2793862                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3473                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1906                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          251618                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1306309                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       700367                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21097                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       159528                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13654369                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3482                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12921079                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1741449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3872646                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          323                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22244448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16797373     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2185637      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1195383      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       815528      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       761950      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219723      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170465      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58225      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40164      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22244448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3094     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9594     39.12%     51.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11834     48.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10824072     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203877      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1195584      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695981      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12921079                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.529784                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24522                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001898                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48127448                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15399458                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12710075                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12945601                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38780                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237744                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20954                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       365602                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        114319                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11851                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13657873                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1306309                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700367                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1904                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8852                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113638                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111521                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       225159                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12734752                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1123678                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       186327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1819326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1791004                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           695648                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522144                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12710299                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12710075                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7431478                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        19413905                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521132                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382792                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9510199                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11656983                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2000906                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3159                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       199229                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21878846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17144405     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2292920     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894160      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       480325      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359899      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       200953      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124279      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110507      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271398      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21878846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9510199                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11656983                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1747969                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1068556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1673184                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10503945                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       236835                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       271398                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           35265272                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27681427                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                311581                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2144908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9510199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11656983                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9510199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.564547                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.564547                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.389932                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.389932                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       57428108                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17621706                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12759769                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3156                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1976111                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1616166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195995                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842429                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         779489                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         202978                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8802                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19194616                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11207715                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1976111                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       982467                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2348567                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        566523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       341783                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1182572                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197315                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22251298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       19902731     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         127260      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         200988      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         317942      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         133314      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         150526      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         158381      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         103756      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1156400      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22251298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081024                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459533                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19021052                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       517126                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2341000                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6090                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       366028                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       323666                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13685729                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1665                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       366028                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19049661                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        167324                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       266595                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2319027                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        82661                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13676420                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2351                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        23528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        30703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4589                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18986519                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     63614364                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     63614364                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16193569                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2792946                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3502                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1936                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          248981                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1305603                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       700576                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21195                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       159315                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13656028                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3511                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12923118                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16164                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1742891                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3862009                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          352                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22251298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16802485     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2186788      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1195345      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       816211      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762302      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219770      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       169968      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58291      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40138      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22251298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3063     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9490     38.90%     51.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11841     48.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10826359     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203912      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1566      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1194946      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       696335      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12923118                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.529867                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24394                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001888                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48138092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15402582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12713395                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12947512                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       236830                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           24                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       366028                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        113770                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11552                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13659557                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3562                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1305603                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700576                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112052                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       225786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12738024                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1123981                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1819960                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1791378                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           695979                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522278                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12713603                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12713395                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7433893                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        19417668                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521268                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9511923                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11659138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2000449                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3159                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       199831                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21885270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17150313     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2292838     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       893817      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       480908      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360167      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201013      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124551      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110401      0.50%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271262      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21885270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9511923                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11659138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1748330                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1068773                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1673509                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10505866                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       236875                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       271262                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35273530                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          27685235                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                312077                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2138058                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9511923                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11659138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9511923                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.564083                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.564083                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390003                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390003                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       57443889                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      17626197                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12764220                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3156                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               24389356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1898890                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1712841                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101233                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       731383                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         676052                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104727                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4442                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20126478                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11952026                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1898890                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       780779                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2361752                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        318035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       455979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1156863                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101534                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23158518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20796766     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          83581      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         172435      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          72459      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         391318      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         349275      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          67313      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         141860      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1083511      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23158518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077857                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.490051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20011733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       572212                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2353033                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7459                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       214076                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       167039                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14013523                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1422                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       214076                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20033352                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        401692                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       104578                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2340188                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        64627                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14004909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        26360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        23808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          775                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16451410                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     65962370                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     65962370                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     14566849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1884561                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          165698                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3302739                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1670249                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15358                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        81091                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13975448                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13433656                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7112                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1088898                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2604214                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23158518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18388528     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1424902      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1175127      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505719      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       642866      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       621521      2.68%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354393      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27780      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17682      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23158518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33967     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265002     86.43%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7645      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8428434     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117461      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          803      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3220869     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666089     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13433656                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.550800                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306614                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50339556                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15066355                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13318018                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13740270                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24663                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129249                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11107                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1189                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       214076                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        366526                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17328                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13977127                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3302739                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670249                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          857                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11809                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58128                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60183                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       118311                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13339172                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3209961                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            4875868                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1746964                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1665907                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.546926                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13318497                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13318018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7194009                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14168892                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.546059                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507733                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10811981                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12705353                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1273056                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1619                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       103245                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22944442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18338520     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1679214      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788501      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       780645      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211483      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907816      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67313      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49288      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121662      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22944442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10811981                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12705353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              4832632                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3173490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1677288                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11298411                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       122946                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       121662                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36801163                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28170928                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                442940                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1230838                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10811981                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12705353                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10811981                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.255771                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.255771                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.443307                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.443307                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       65943747                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      15472882                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      16684387                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1618                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          40930                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32764.008482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1339731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          73690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          18.180635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           177.958276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.426401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   462.426640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    18.608483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1049.085969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    17.088982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1224.381634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.880459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1231.193703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.113224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   772.687367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.111928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1245.615983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.302520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1081.880371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    17.548748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   849.594963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.299776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   588.760848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.341498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1079.621733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.384393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   830.149063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.686705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   488.223739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.042992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1267.336763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.654297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1086.817130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.098331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1059.245201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    15.773033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1253.683775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           742.431363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1184.655058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1200.019967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1198.794324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1018.441276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1164.670935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1113.904642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1036.742501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           780.828354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1068.886840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1064.299443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           653.687560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1111.202795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1122.625241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1128.288229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1112.505027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.005431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.014112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.032016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.037365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.037573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.023581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.038013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.033016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.025928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.017968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.032947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.025334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.014899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.038676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.033167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.032326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.038259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.022657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.036153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.036622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.036584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.031080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.035543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.033994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.031639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.023829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.032620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.032480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.019949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.033911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.034260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.034433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.033951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   60332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16436                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16436                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    60505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2543                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4025                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4703                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3948                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3909                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4583                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3936                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3972                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4604                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   60505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 40910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  40921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2926                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1930                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3008                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2075                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3005                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2964                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3175                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 40921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5654576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    168027492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5171291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    443187863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5012568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    468717407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5394023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    466522676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5219776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291109724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5138256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    476032618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5445252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    455296149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4130122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    312886671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6119108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    220595809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5108741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    458305938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4318027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    309618126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5972522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    178889190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5425677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    484399401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5507177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    453686655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5425215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    448102854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4916499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    482144049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6201481452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       284685                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       278132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       171782                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       272981                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       572951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1580531                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5654576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    168027492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5171291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    443187863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5012568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    469002092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5394023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    466522676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5219776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291387856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5138256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    476032618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5445252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    455296149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4130122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    312886671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6119108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    220595809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5108741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    458477720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4318027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    309618126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5972522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    178889190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5425677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    484672382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5507177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    453686655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5425215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    448102854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4916499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    482717000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       6203061983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5654576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    168027492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5171291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    443187863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5012568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    469002092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5394023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    466522676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5219776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291387856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5138256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    476032618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5445252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    455296149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4130122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    312886671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6119108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    220595809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5108741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    458477720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4318027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    309618126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5972522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    178889190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5425677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    484672382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5507177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    453686655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5425215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    448102854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4916499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    482717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      6203061983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              101242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16436                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16436                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               184                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               101426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              101426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.304240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.421857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.396015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.395283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.370413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.433367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.381925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.377519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.436895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.378428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.409694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.433872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.428262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.407951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.404081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.059783                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.302906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.394977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.369590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.381504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.375772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.436093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.378011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.325793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.409635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.432935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.427336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.403457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.302906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.394977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.369590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.381504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.375772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.436093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.378011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.325793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.409635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.432935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.427336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.403457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152826.378378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152061.078733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152096.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151465.435065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147428.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152131.582928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154114.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152110.425823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153522.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150990.520747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146807.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152135.704059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       151257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151361.751662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147504.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150788.757108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152977.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150989.602327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150257.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151656.498345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154215.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150592.473735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153141.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151472.641829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155019.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152422.719006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152977.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150977.256240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150700.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151181.799595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153640.593750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152047.949858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151588.400196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 142342.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       139066                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       171782                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 136490.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 143237.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143684.636364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152826.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152061.078733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152096.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151465.435065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147428.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152125.232566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154114.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152110.425823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153522.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150978.163731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146807.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152135.704059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       151257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151361.751662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147504.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150788.757108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152977.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150989.602327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150257.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151663.155805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154215.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150592.473735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153141.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151472.641829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155019.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152412.698742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152977.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150977.256240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150700.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151181.799595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153640.593750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152036.850394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151586.275580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152826.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152061.078733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152096.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151465.435065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147428.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152125.232566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154114.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152110.425823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153522.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150978.163731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146807.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152135.704059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       151257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151361.751662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147504.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150788.757108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152977.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150989.602327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150257.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151663.155805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154215.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150592.473735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153141.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151472.641829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155019.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152412.698742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152977.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150977.256240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150700.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151181.799595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153640.593750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152036.850394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151586.275580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8492                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8492                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            40910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             40921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            40921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3500570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    103678342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3190453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    272809192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3031858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    289410459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3359314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    288015393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3241862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178828105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3104101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    293926838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3348913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    280187775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2499960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    192028356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3791972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    135521936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3133131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    282378807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2687093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    189870916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3703338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    110117512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3391562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    299457648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3411003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278766427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3333426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    275551398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3053886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    297626553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3819958099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       168382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       161461                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       113465                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       156638                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       339115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       939061                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3500570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    103678342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3190453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    272809192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3031858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    289578841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3359314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    288015393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3241862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178989566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3104101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    293926838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3348913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    280187775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2499960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    192028356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3791972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    135521936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3133131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    282492272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2687093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    189870916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3703338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    110117512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3391562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    299614286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3411003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278766427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3333426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    275551398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3053886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    297965668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3820897160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3500570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    103678342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3190453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    272809192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3031858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    289578841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3359314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    288015393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3241862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178989566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3104101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    293926838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3348913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    280187775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2499960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    192028356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3791972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    135521936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3133131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    282492272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2687093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    189870916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3703338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    110117512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3391562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    299614286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3411003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278766427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3333426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    275551398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3053886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    297965668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3820897160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.304240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.421857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.396015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.395283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.370413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.433367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.381925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.377519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.436895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.378428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.409694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.433872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.428262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.407951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.404081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.302906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.394977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.369590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.381504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.375772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.436093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.378011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.325793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.409635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.432935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.427336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.403457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.302906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.394977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.369590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.381504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.375772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.436093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.378011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.325793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.409635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.432935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.427336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.403457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst        94610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93826.553846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93836.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93236.224197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89172.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93933.936709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95980.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93907.855559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95348.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92753.166494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 88688.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93936.349632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93025.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93147.531582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89284.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92543.786024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94799.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92759.709788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92150.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93441.034745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95967.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92349.667315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94957.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93240.907705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96901.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94228.334802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94750.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92767.529784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92595.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92966.058704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95433.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93858.894040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93374.678538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        84191                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 80730.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       113465                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        78319                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84778.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85369.181818                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst        94610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93826.553846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93836.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93236.224197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89172.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93927.616283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95980.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93907.855559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95348.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92740.707772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 88688.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93936.349632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93025.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93147.531582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89284.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92543.786024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94799.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92759.709788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92150.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93447.658617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95967.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92349.667315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94957.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93240.907705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96901.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94218.328931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94750.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92767.529784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92595.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92966.058704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95433.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93847.454488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93372.526576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst        94610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93826.553846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93836.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93236.224197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89172.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93927.616283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95980.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93907.855559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95348.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92740.707772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 88688.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93936.349632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93025.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93147.531582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89284.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92543.786024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94799.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92759.709788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92150.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93447.658617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95967.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92349.667315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94957.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93240.907705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96901.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94218.328931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94750.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92767.529784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92595.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92966.058704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95433.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93847.454488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93372.526576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              491.151329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001203482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2026727.696356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.151329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.057935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1195382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1195382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8172781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8172781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8172781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8172781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8172781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8172781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157168.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157168.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157168.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157168.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157168.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157168.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6352253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6352253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6352253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6352253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6352253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6352253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162878.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162878.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162878.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162878.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162878.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162878.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3648                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148428651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38019.633965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.343955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.656045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1658719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1658719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    973533643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    973533643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5877479                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5877479                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    979411122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    979411122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    979411122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    979411122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105133.222786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105133.222786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82781.394366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82781.394366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104963.146715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104963.146715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104963.146715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104963.146715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    349547293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349547293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1110745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1110745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    350658038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350658038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    350658038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350658038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96240.994769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96240.994769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 69421.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69421.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96123.365680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96123.365680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96123.365680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96123.365680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              516.786583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1003850079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1912095.388571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.786583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.042927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1182398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1182398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1182398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1182398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1182398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1182398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7113252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7113252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7113252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7113252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7113252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7113252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1182443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1182443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1182443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1182443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1182443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1182443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158072.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158072.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158072.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158072.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158072.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158072.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5684997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5684997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5684997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5684997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5684997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5684997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162428.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162428.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162428.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162428.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162428.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162428.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6951                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166884969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             23155.955182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.450002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.549998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.888477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.111523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       819016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       677110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1496126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1496126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        17898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        17898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2128858817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2128858817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7380592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7380592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2136239409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2136239409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2136239409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2136239409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       836825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       836825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       677199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1514024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1514024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119538.369195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119538.369195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        82928                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82928                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119356.319645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119356.319645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119356.319645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119356.319645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    746130971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    746130971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       973132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       973132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    747104103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    747104103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    747104103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    747104103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107573.669406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107573.669406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64875.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64875.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107481.528269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107481.528269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107481.528269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107481.528269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              567.382049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1028872787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1780056.724913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    25.021537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   542.360512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.040099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.869167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1157466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1157466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1157466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1157466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1157466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1157466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6939407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6939407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6939407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6939407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6939407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6939407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1157509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1157509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1157509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1157509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1157509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1157509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161381.558140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161381.558140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161381.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161381.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161381.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161381.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5718642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5718642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5718642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5718642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5718642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5718642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163389.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163389.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163389.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163389.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163389.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163389.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              405423393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 8042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             50413.254539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.070548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.929452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3028874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3028874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1657659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1657659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4686533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4686533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4686533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4686533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        27652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        27652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3208202528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3208202528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2196966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2196966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3210399494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3210399494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3210399494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3210399494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3056508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1657677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1657677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4714185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4714185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4714185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4714185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116096.204965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116096.204965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122053.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122053.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116100.082960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116100.082960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116100.082960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116100.082960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    837112669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    837112669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       603566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       603566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    837716235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    837716235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    837716235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    837716235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107598.029434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107598.029434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100594.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100594.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107592.632289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107592.632289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107592.632289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107592.632289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              568.117320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1028873444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1776983.495682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.394396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.722924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.042299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1158123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1158123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1158123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1158123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1158123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7574717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7574717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7574717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7574717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7574717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7574717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1158167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1158167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1158167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172152.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172152.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172152.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172152.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172152.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172152.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6180663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6180663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6180663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6180663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6180663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6180663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171685.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171685.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171685.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171685.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171685.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171685.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7765                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              405417923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 8021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             50544.560903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.084875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.915125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3025468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3025468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1655598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1655598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          860                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          860                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          807                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          807                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4681066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4681066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4681066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4681066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        27464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        27464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3191027502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3191027502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1367365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1367365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3192394867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3192394867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3192394867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3192394867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3052914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3052914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1655616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1655616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          860                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          860                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          807                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          807                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4708530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4708530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4708530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4708530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 116265.667201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116265.667201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 75964.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75964.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 116239.253823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116239.253823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 116239.253823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116239.253823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    833839397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    833839397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    834223997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    834223997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    834223997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    834223997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107467.379430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107467.379430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107433.869543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107433.869543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107433.869543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107433.869543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              513.465125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              999389150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1933054.448743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.465125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.050425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1169405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1169405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1169405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1169405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1169405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1169405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6769671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6769671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6769671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6769671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6769671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6769671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1169447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1169447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1169447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1169447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1169447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1169447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161182.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161182.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161182.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161182.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161182.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161182.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5868142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5868142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5868142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5868142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5868142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5868142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167661.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167661.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167661.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167661.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167661.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167661.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5222                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158028760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             28847.893392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.575160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.424840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.873340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.126660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       823831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       695281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       695281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1519112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1519112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1519112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1519112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2268734507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2268734507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     50517448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     50517448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2319251955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2319251955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2319251955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2319251955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       841846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       695703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       695703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1537549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1537549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1537549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1537549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125935.859395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125935.859395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119709.592417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119709.592417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125793.347887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125793.347887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125793.347887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125793.347887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    533346500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533346500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1322038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1322038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    534668538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    534668538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    534668538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    534668538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102468.107589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102468.107589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 77766.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77766.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102387.693987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102387.693987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102387.693987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102387.693987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              568.407312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1028872816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1776982.411054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.046220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   542.361092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.041741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.869168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1157495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1157495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1157495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1157495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1157495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1157495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7678909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7678909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7678909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7678909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7678909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7678909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1157542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1157542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1157542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1157542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1157542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1157542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163381.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163381.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163381.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163381.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163381.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163381.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6098199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6098199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6098199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6098199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6098199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6098199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169394.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169394.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169394.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169394.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169394.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169394.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 7784                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              405423109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 8040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             50425.759826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.090901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.909099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.433949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.566051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3028894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3028894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1657405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1657405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4686299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        4686299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4686299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       4686299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        27530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        27530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3207333572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3207333572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1491133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1491133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3208824705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3208824705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3208824705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3208824705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3056405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1657424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1657424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4713829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4713829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4713829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4713829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 116583.678238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116583.678238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 78480.684211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78480.684211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 116557.381220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116557.381220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 116557.381220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116557.381220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    839246332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    839246332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       402444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       402444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    839648776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    839648776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    839648776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    839648776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107900.016971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107900.016971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        67074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107868.547790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107868.547790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107868.547790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107868.547790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.448836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1003849555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1904837.865275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.448836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.047194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1181874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1181874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1181874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1181874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1181874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1181874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8442422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8442422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8442422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8442422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8442422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8442422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1181924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1181924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1181924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1181924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1181924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1181924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168848.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168848.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168848.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168848.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168848.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168848.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6518749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6518749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6518749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6518749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6518749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6518749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176182.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176182.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176182.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176182.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176182.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176182.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              166882275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             23139.527870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.599393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.400607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.889060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.110940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       817628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       675806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       675806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1493434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1493434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1493434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1493434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        17970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        17970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2155914583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2155914583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6802734                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6802734                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2162717317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2162717317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2162717317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2162717317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       835514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       835514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       675890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       675890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1511404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1511404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1511404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1511404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120536.429777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120536.429777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 80984.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80984.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120351.547969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120351.547969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120351.547969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120351.547969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    754130268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    754130268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       993223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       993223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    755123491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    755123491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    755123491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    755123491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108648.648322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108648.648322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66214.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66214.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108557.143617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108557.143617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108557.143617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108557.143617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              550.855993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              917912075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1650920.998201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.677757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.178236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.039548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1184630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1184630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1184630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1184630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1184630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1184630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5445086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5445086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5445086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5445086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5445086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5445086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1184667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1184667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1184667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1184667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1184667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1184667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147164.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147164.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147164.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147164.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147164.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147164.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4486569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4486569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4486569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4486569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4486569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4486569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154709.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154709.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154709.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154709.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154709.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154709.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              204767152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             35955.601756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   190.310790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    65.689210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.743402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.256598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1765176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1765176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       322115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       322115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2087291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2087291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2087291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2087291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        18998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        18998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2097196114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2097196114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2268856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2268856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2099464970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2099464970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2099464970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2099464970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1784147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1784147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       322142                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       322142                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2106289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2106289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2106289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2106289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110547.473196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110547.473196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84031.703704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84031.703704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110509.788925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110509.788925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110509.788925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110509.788925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13559                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13559                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    562584155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    562584155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    562968755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562968755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    562968755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562968755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103549.448739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103549.448739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103505.930318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103505.930318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103505.930318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103505.930318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              509.632672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              998098935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1930558.868472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    34.632672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.055501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1186464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1186464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1186464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1186464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1186464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8362374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8362374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8362374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8362374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8362374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8362374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1186517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1186517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1186517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157780.641509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157780.641509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157780.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157780.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157780.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157780.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6750855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6750855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6750855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6750855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6750855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6750855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160734.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160734.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160734.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160734.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160734.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160734.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3888                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              152129946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             36710.894305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   223.086515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    32.913485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.871432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.128568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       815493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        815493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       685443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1500936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1500936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1500936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1500936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        12595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        12595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1511632846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1511632846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8478190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8478190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1520111036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1520111036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1520111036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1520111036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       827983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       827983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       685548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1513531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1513531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1513531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1513531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121027.449640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121027.449640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 80744.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80744.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120691.626518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120691.626518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120691.626518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120691.626518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8707                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8707                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    398272665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    398272665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1182630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1182630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    399455295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    399455295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    399455295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    399455295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102912.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102912.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 65701.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65701.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102740.559414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102740.559414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102740.559414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102740.559414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              518.404099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1003848744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1912092.845714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.404099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.045519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1181063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1181063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1181063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1181063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1181063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1181063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7769805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7769805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7769805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7769805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7769805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7769805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1181108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1181108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1181108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1181108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1181108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1181108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172662.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172662.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172662.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172662.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172662.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172662.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6308627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6308627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6308627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6308627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6308627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6308627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 180246.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180246.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 180246.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180246.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 180246.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180246.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 6931                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166883953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             23220.252261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   227.441791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    28.558209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.888444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.111556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       818534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        818534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       676582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       676582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1495116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1495116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1495116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1495116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        17890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        17890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2156034630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2156034630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8072163                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8072163                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2164106793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2164106793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2164106793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2164106793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       836338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       836338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       676668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       676668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1513006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1513006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1513006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1513006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121098.327904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121098.327904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93862.360465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93862.360465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120967.400391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120967.400391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120967.400391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120967.400391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10958                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10958                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    756799871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    756799871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1146291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1146291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    757946162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    757946162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    757946162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    757946162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109411.575972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109411.575972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 76419.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76419.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109340.184939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109340.184939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109340.184939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109340.184939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              550.741386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              917912151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1650921.134892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.563094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.178292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.039364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1184706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1184706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1184706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1184706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1184706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1184706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5401393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5401393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5401393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5401393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5401393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5401393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1184741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1184741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1184741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1184741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1184741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1184741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154325.514286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154325.514286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154325.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154325.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154325.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154325.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4685015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4685015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4685015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4685015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4685015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4685015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161552.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161552.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161552.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161552.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161552.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161552.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              204767503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35955.663389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   189.931696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    66.068304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.741921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.258079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1765498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1765498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       322148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       322148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          754                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          754                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2087646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2087646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2087646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2087646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        19006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        19006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2087381886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2087381886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2784890                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2784890                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2090166776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2090166776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2090166776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2090166776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1784474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1784474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       322178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       322178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2106652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2106652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2106652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2106652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110001.153352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110001.153352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92829.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92829.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109974.049037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109974.049037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109974.049037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109974.049037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    559957184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    559957184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       421108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       421108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    560378292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    560378292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    560378292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    560378292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103065.927480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103065.927480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 70184.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70184.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103029.654716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103029.654716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103029.654716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103029.654716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              490.276953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1001202603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2018553.635081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.276953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.056534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1194503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1194503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1194503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1194503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1194503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1194503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8539554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8539554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8539554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8539554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8539554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8539554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1194558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1194558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1194558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1194558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1194558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1194558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155264.618182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155264.618182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155264.618182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155264.618182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155264.618182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155264.618182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6563948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6563948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6563948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6563948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6563948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6563948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160096.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160096.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160096.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160096.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160096.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160096.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3625                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148428091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 3881                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             38244.805720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   220.276881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    35.723119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.860457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.139543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       951990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        951990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       706178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1658168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1658168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         9301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         9301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    987969328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    987969328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7768162                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7768162                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    995737490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    995737490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    995737490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    995737490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       961185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       706284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1667469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1667469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1667469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1667469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107446.365198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107446.365198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 73284.547170                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73284.547170                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107057.035803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107057.035803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107057.035803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107057.035803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    354401763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    354401763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1184978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1184978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    355586741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355586741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    355586741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    355586741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98199.435578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98199.435578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 74061.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74061.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98092.894069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98092.894069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98092.894069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98092.894069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              568.798088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1028872055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1776981.096718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.436826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   542.361262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.042367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.869169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1156734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1156734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1156734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1156734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1156734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1156734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8035916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8035916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8035916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8035916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8035916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8035916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1156780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1156780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1156780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1156780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1156780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1156780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174693.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174693.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174693.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174693.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174693.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174693.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6529036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6529036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6529036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6529036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6529036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6529036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181362.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181362.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181362.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181362.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181362.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181362.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              405418302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             50557.214366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.079072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.920928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.433903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.566097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3025746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3025746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1655716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1655716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          807                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          807                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4681462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4681462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4681462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4681462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        27408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        27408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3216957425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3216957425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2219263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2219263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3219176688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3219176688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3219176688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3219176688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3053134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3053134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1655736                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1655736                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          807                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          807                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4708870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4708870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4708870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4708870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117458.647035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117458.647035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110963.150000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110963.150000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117453.907180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117453.907180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117453.907180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117453.907180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    845646406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    845646406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       568744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       568744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    846215150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    846215150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    846215150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    846215150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109017.198144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109017.198144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94790.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94790.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109006.202499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109006.202499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109006.202499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109006.202499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.843633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1003849138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1904837.074004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.843633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.046224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1181457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1181457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1181457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1181457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1181457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1181457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7883581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7883581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7883581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7883581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7883581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7883581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1181501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1181501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1181501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1181501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1181501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1181501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179172.295455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179172.295455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179172.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179172.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179172.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179172.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6499965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6499965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6499965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6499965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6499965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6499965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175674.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175674.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175674.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175674.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175674.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175674.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6941                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              166882637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             23187.805613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.306265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.693735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.887915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.112085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       817662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       676134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       676134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1855                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1855                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1493796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1493796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1493796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1493796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        17956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        17956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2155201256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2155201256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8769871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8769871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2163971127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2163971127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2163971127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2163971127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       835527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       835527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       676225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       676225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1511752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1511752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1511752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1511752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120638.189533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120638.189533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96372.208791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96372.208791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120515.210904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120515.210904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120515.210904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120515.210904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11015                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11015                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    753129645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    753129645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1199591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1199591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    754329236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    754329236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    754329236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    754329236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108739.480941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108739.480941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 79972.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79972.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108677.313932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108677.313932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108677.313932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108677.313932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.043119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1003850205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1904839.098672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.043119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.046543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1182524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1182524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1182524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1182524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1182524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1182524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8223511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8223511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8223511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8223511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8223511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8223511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1182572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1182572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1182572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1182572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1182572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1182572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171323.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171323.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171323.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171323.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171323.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171323.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6536007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6536007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6536007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6536007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6536007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6536007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176648.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176648.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176648.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176648.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176648.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176648.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6936                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166882704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             23203.935484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.330314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.669686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.888009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.111991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       817552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       676278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       676278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1493830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1493830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1493830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1493830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        17946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        17946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2135498402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2135498402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8014345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8014345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2143512747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2143512747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2143512747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2143512747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       835408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       835408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       676368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       676368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1888                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1888                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1511776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1511776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1511776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1511776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119595.564628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119595.564628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 89048.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89048.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119442.368606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119442.368606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119442.368606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119442.368606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    748229451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    748229451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1128087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1128087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    749357538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    749357538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    749357538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    749357538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108110.020373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108110.020373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 75205.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75205.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108038.860727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108038.860727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108038.860727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108038.860727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              566.097626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1028872141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1786236.355903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.737025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   542.360601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.038040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.869168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1156820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1156820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1156820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1156820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1156820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1156820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7037078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7037078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7037078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7037078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7037078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7037078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1156863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1156863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1156863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1156863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1156863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1156863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163652.976744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163652.976744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163652.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163652.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163652.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163652.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5712645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5712645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5712645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5712645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5712645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5712645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173110.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173110.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173110.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173110.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173110.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173110.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7779                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              405423302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             50457.162663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.083202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.916798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.433919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.566081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3028978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3028978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1657485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1657485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4686463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4686463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4686463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4686463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        27532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        27532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3220038153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3220038153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2868202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2868202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3222906355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3222906355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3222906355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3222906355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3056490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1657505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1657505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4713995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4713995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4713995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4713995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117041.223939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117041.223939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 143410.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143410.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117060.379014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117060.379014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117060.379014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117060.379014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    844628388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    844628388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       854887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       854887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    845483275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    845483275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    845483275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    845483275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108661.827866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108661.827866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 142481.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142481.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108687.912971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108687.912971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108687.912971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108687.912971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
